Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Group project clarification #1 General The syllabus says: There will also be one culminating project due at the end of course. It will require you to work in groups of  at most three . You will build a tool using methods from the course to perform data analysis and also generate documentations and presentation.   But at the same time, Course Project Overview says: Group work is encouraged, but not required (i.e., you can have a one-person team).  The maximum size of a team is 5 members  to avoid challenges in efficient coordination of the work by too many team members. However, a team of a larger size is also possible subject to the approval of the instructor. A typical reason for a larger team is because the project has a very natural task division among the team members so that the need for frequent interactions and coordination of team members may be minimum despite the large size of the team.   Which one is correct? Our team already got 4 members   2   0   513   221 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks for reporting the inconsistency. We are still in the process of reviewing all the materials to avoid such inconsistency. Please ignore the constraint of "at most three". Having 4 members is definitely fine! The second paragraph in your post is accurate. That is, follow the instructions below: "Group work is encouraged, but not required (i.e., you can have a one-person team). The maximum size of a team is 5 members to avoid challenges in efficient coordination of the work by too many team members. However, a team of a larger size is also possible subject to the approval of the instructor. A typical reason for a larger team is because the project has a very natural task division among the team members so that the need for frequent interactions and coordination of team members may be minimum despite the large size of the team."    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  4 months ago The way I interpreted this (but I'm just a student and so my interpretation has zero authoritative weight) is that 3 team members is preferred and you can ask to enlarge the group up to five.  If the project is sufficiently large and can be broken up into five roughly equally-sized pieces, it may get approved by the professor. Just my $0.02.   I'm also waiting on a definitive answer to this, but until I hear otherwise I'm operating as if my interpretation is correct.   1 reply  Reply Alex Ho 9 4 months ago (edited) I just wanted to note that any response will automatically mark a post as "Resolved", so if we want official TA/Professor confirmation on this question, we should manually set the post to "Unresolved" so they will see it quicker.    Reply
Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved LiveDataLab is not accessible #2 General I tried to sign up for  LiveDataLab  but got an error "This site can’t be reached". Is it supposed to be open soon?   2   0   518   220 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 3 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago We haven't yet activated LiveDataLab and are still working on getting the programming assignments ready. For now, please focus on getting a sense about the overall structure of the course and you can start watching the lectures of the first a few weeks.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Swarup Ghosh 107 answered this  question  4 months ago The website for LiveDataLab:  http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/  isn't yet active. We would have to wait for the website to open up before we could access it.   1 reply  Reply ls lime-shrimp-48 4 months ago This link is still not active.   1 reply  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 4 months ago The professor said that he would send out another update today (August 21st) once he updates the links.    Reply
Payel Chakraborty 117 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Piazza still on? #3 General Is Piazza still there to discuss or is it just campuswire? The course intro video talked about Piazza hence asking. I didn’t find the course on piazza.   1   0   391   209 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Sorry for the confusion in the introduction video, which is a bit out of date since we are now using Campuswire. Please refer to the course website and the introduction slides for the most up-to-date information:   https://courses.engr.illinois.edu/cs410/fa2023/   https://courses.engr.illinois.edu/cs410/fa2023/410DSO-intro-2023.pptx   1 reply  Reply Payel Chakraborty 117 4 months ago Thanks so much, for the confirmation!   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago Yes, thank you! I was also confused about this.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Eric Miller 297 answered this  question  4 months ago The  Course Communication  page only lists campuswire as an official channel.   Zoom is used for office hours, and slack can also be used for direct messaging/posting with other students (channel  #cs-410-text-info-syst ).   Although slack is an optional communication method for this course, I recommend it as it is fairly active!   2 replies  Reply ChengXiang Zhai 4 months ago Thank you for the recommendation of Slack. My understanding is that we can easily do direct messaging here on Campuswire. You can also set up group chat using the "Room" feature. Could you give this a try and see if you still would like to use Slack? I just want to avoid using too many different platforms if possible, but I can totally understand that Slack is very easy to use and people seem to have got used to using it a lot.   1 reply  Reply Venkata Gottiparthi 2 4 months ago (edited) The campuswire link on the course communication page points to the feed from the class that ended 8 months ago ( https://campuswire.com/c/G984118D3/feed ).  It needs to be updated to the current class feed ( https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed ).   Thanks    Reply Shao-Min Yeh 305 4 months ago I haven't checked this sem (so this might not apply), but in previous semesters (as an undergrad student), I couldn't access the mcs slack - maybe for us it would be easier for some other method of communication    Reply
Paul Bromen 2 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Grade points with tech review #4 General What percentage of the overall grade is the tech review worth?   How does it change the relative values of the other course activities?   0   0   585   225 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 2 Eric Miller 297 answered this  question  4 months ago Right, it is not included in the grade, but is a pass/fail requirement for 4 credit hour students. It's discussed around the ~18 min mark in the introduction video:   https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs-410/lecture/MsDCs/course-introduction-video    Reply An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Austin Harmon 70 answered this  question  4 months ago I agree with everyone. The assignment is required for students earning 4 hours, but no points from this are included in the final grade calculation. I read that we have to decide on a topic by October 22, 2023.    Reply An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) From what I understand it's not graded but needs to be completed for 4 credit-hour students. In the Course Introduction Video professor mentions it's based off completion.    Reply
Joanna Huang 14 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Access to CS 410 on Coursera #5 General I am enrolled in CS 410 but not able to access the provided Coursera link  https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs-410/   How can I access the course on Coursera?   Additionally, I am enrolled in section TIU but am currently in the campuswire for DSO   0   0   298   179 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Have you gained access to Coursera now?   1 reply  Reply Joanna Huang 14 4 months ago Yes, thank you!    Reply 0 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Please see the email that I forwarded to you where you can find the instructions on how to get access to the content on Coursera.   1 reply  Reply Joanna Huang 14 4 months ago I have done the steps in the forwarded email but still do not have access.    Reply 0 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago You would need to login to Coursera in order to access the course materials. Have you logged in? If you haven't, please try to login first and then open the course link. As for the class section, it is only for managing class enrollment and processing the charge for ProctorU that we'll use for the exams (the department pays for your section, TIU). Otherwise, from learning perspective, there is no difference between those sections.   1 reply  Reply Joanna Huang 14 4 months ago I am logged into my illinois accountt on Coursera but still do not have access.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago When did you register? From what I've seen, it takes a few days post registration for Coursera content to become available.   1 reply  Reply Joanna Huang 14 4 months ago I registered last spring. Is it required to first complete the onboarding before you're able to see 410 as a course?   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago Yes, I believe it is   1 reply  Reply Joanna Huang 14 4 months ago I've completed the onboarding but don't see 410. Will it take 24 hrs to show up? (I registered in the spring)   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago This is maybe something you should reach out to the Coursera support mentioned in the Onboarding course if it doesn't appear soon. It showed up a few days after I registered and completed the Onboarding course    Reply
Dave Pankros 323 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Have the email addresses for TAs been posted? #6 General I want to ask a question that cannot be asked directly on a public forum (here or office hours).  Have the TA email addresses been posted?  I know I can email the prof directly, but I don't want to overwhelm him if we have other options to explore first.   0   0   289   180 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago The TA's emails were posted in the main email sent out by the professor.   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago Thanks.  I must have missed it.    Reply 0 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago It was in the introduction email for the course    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Yutao Zhou 16 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Access of coursera for on-campus student #8 General It's been mentioned that on-campus students taking this course will need to go through a special process in order to have access to materials on Coursera. May I know whether the detailed instructions about this have been sent?   0   0   394   185 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago My understanding is that the department should have sent such instructions, if any, to all the on-campus students enrolled in this class. Did any on-campus student receive any such email/notification?   If you haven't used Coursera before, you'd need to create an account there. If you already have an account, you need to login first before you can have access to the course content.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago The email sent out by the professor has links to the course website, which also has links to the Coursera platform.   1 reply  Reply Yutao Zhou 16 4 months ago Yes, I have the course link on Coursera, but I don't have access to it. I think on-campus students need to go through some process to access it.   1 reply  Reply Archna Sobti 51 4 months ago Same here - I also do not have access to it.   2 replies  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 4 months ago In my experience, it takes Coursera a day or two to add your course to your account once you enroll so maybe it''s that.    Reply Shao-Min Yeh 305 4 months ago (edited) Also backing the anonymous user up - in the past coursera courses, it took a day after completing the onboarding course    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Discord for class #9 General Hi guys, wanted to make a discord early for the class so that we can make groups easier and such. It's also always helpful to talk to other students. Here's the link, feel free to join:  https://discord.gg/rU9Tb8Aj   2   0   378   203 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago There’s already a dedicated channel for the class in the UIUC MCS Slack, as well. May be better to consolidate there for non-Campuswire chat   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago How do we get added to that slack channel?   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago There’s a section on the Coursera Onboarding Course and on the Coursera dashboard landing page. You have to sign in with your UIUC email address when prompted, but it’s pretty straightforward.   Searching 410 in the channel list will pull up the class specific channel :)   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago You are the best! Didn’t think of using the channel search :)    Reply
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Livedatalab is unreachable. #11 Programming Assignment 1 Hi Everyone - these links are unreachable.   http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/   http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/course/join/WZS77P00E570J74   Does anyone else have this problem?   1   1   390   204 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 5 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Sorry for the confusion, but we are still working on both LiveDataLab and the first programming assignment. We'll provide an update as soon as we set it up, so please stay tuned. Thanks.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago Yes, they're still inaccessible for me as well; I assume (hope) they just haven't been turned on yet, and that will come soon.   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 4 months ago Thanks.    Reply 0 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago I’m wondering if this working by now , because I’m still not able to access the LiveDataLab link to setup the account?   1 reply  Reply Aashish Anand 429 4 months ago I am also unable to access the LiveDataLab setup link.    Reply
Jacky Ho 2 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Unable to access google resources with illinois login #12 General In the syllabus and course overview, there were numerous links indicating that we needed a  illinois.edu  to get access. However when I try to log in with my  illinois.edu  credentials, google complains saying that I don't have an account (which is valid because I haven't set it up). From looking at UIUC's Google workplace applications, it seems like accounts made before 2018 have access to gmail but after 2018, it was switched to outlook. Does anyone know the solution to access the docs/sheets?   0   0   283   184 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago You may need to update your  illinois.edu  email address to work with Google Apps. The dashboard to do so can be found here:  https://researchit.illinois.edu/resource/115759    Reply 0 Luis Fernandez de la Vara 5 answered this  question  4 months ago I checked now. Looks like access is up for the Google Apps cloud dashboard.    Reply 0 Tahir Bagasrawala 266 answered this  question  4 months ago These resources may not have been made available by the teaching staff yet. I had a similar issue while trying to access google workplace. Worth checking in later this week.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Haitham Shahin 76 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Due Date for Quizzes #14 General Hello! Question on dates of quizzes for full credit - should these be done by the end of each week (i.e. quiz 1 should be done by Sunday on week 1)? Or is it the date noted in Coursera (for quiz 1, it looks to be October 8).   0   0   443   211 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks Benjamin for the answer. You are required to finish before hard deadlines to receive full credits.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Benjamin Sivoravong 55 answered this  question  4 months ago In one of the videos, I believe the professor said the first half of the quizzes are all due at once, at the end of week seven. And similarly for the second half of the quizzes.   This was done to give students some flexibility in planning their schedules for the semester. However, the professor did encourage doing them early if possible - to give yourself more time for the programming assignments and the final project at the end of the course.   1 reply  Reply Andrew Vamos 147 4 months ago I see that an instructor endorsed the above answer - but there is still confusion about this - see:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/53    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Can't Schedule ProctorU #15 Exam 1 I currently cannot schedule my exams on ProctorU, am I correct in assuming that they haven't been made into an option yet?   0   0   451   221 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  4 months ago I believe as long as you’re signed up for ProctorU, they will notify you when exams are available for scheduling.    Reply An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Asmita Chihnara 106 answered this  question  4 months ago My understanding is also the same. The exams will be open for scheduling later in the semester.    Reply 0 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago I think they have to open the exam for signup. My last course it was a few weeks before it was supposed to be completed    Reply 0 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  4 months ago In CS427 we used the ProctorU platform and we scheduled a few weeks before. I assume this will probably be the same case. I'm sure more details will emerge when we get closer.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved member range for the project #16 Project Hi there,   Regarding the final project, is it accurate to assume it can be done by [1,5] member(s)? Meaning it can be either done as a single member, or up to 5?   Thank you for the clarification, much appreciated and looking forward the class :)   0   0   467   198 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 2 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  4 months ago You can refer to professor's answer in the first post. 1 to 5 is fine. If you want to go larger, you can ask professor for approval.      Reply An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/1   Question answered here.   Basically to answer your question, 5 max or can be done solo.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Brooke Novosad 7 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Can't join the slack #19 General Hello, I get this error when clicking on the join mcs slack link. I am signed in with my  Illinois.edu  account   How can I join the slack?   0   0   405   185 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago I second this. I had this happen to me and the people at   mcs-support@illinois.edu   resolved this issue within 24 hours.    Reply An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  4 months ago I suggest you definitely reach out to  mcs-support@illinois.edu  because the fall term already started.    Reply 1 Shao-Min Yeh 305 answered this  question  4 months ago I got a response from support that undergrad students cannot join the mcsds slack (if you're in that situation as well)   1 reply  Reply Brooke Novosad 7 4 months ago Yes I got the same thing so I couldn't join either, it would be great if we could make another slack, that is what mcs suggested in their email.    Reply 1 Raoul Larios 5 answered this  question  4 months ago https://www.coursera.org/learn/mcsds-orientation/supplement/mEz0j/slack  Follow the instructions here. It should work then.    Reply 0 Yong Yang 19 answered this  question  4 months ago did you login by @illinois.edu email account?    Reply
Mohammad Tamim 264 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Clarification Regarding the Material for the 2nd Exam #20 Exam 2 Is the 2nd exam based on the second half of the course, or does it cover the entire course?   0   0   469   210 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 6 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago As already mentioned in some of your answers, the first exam (Exam 1) covers the first 6 weeks (6 modules), i.e., the text retrieval part, whereas the second exam (Exam 2) covers the lectures from week 7 through week 12 (also 6 modules). The reason for having the second exam way before the semester is over is to give you more time at the end of the semester to work on your course project.  We will publish a detailed list of topics to be covered in each exam before the exam period starts.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 2 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago If you are in the Slack, previous year have indicated the 2nd exam is not a comprehensive and only covers the 2nd half material.    Reply 1 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) I got the assumption that Exam 1 covers Weeks 1-7 and Exam 2 covers Weeks 8-15 will have to wait probably for the course staff to confirm though.    Reply 0 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  19 days ago It's not cumulative    Reply 0 Austin Harmon 70 answered this  question  4 months ago I was able to find helpful information about the second exam in Video 12.8. It is about important concepts that were taught in the course.   1 reply  Reply Mohammad Tamim 264 4 months ago I watched Video 12.8, but it didn't specify this information  that the 2nd exam covers the second part or the entire course    Reply
Manuel Suarez Lunar 78 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Extra Credit Breakdown #21 General Is there a specific metric to receive the full 5 points of extra credit?   0   0   382   188 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago As described in the introduction slides for this semester,  https://courses.engr.illinois.edu/cs410/fa2023/410DSO-intro-2023.pptx , there are two ways to earn extra credit: 1) Participation in Campuswire discussions, particularly making effort to answer questions posted by others. 2) Contribution to Community Digital Library (CDL), a platform that we'll use for collaborative learning (by saving useful online content to a shared digital library for all the students to use). The 5 points will be allocated as 3 points for Campuswire and 2 points for CDL.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago The professor mentioned that collaborating on the forum, answering questions, and asking questions can earn extra credit. Although he didn’t specify a particular metric, in my opinion, as long as you are active and responsive in the forum, you should qualify for the extra credit. It would be great if a TA or instructor could confirm or clarify this.    Reply 0 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago I don’t think there is a specific metric although we do all have a number next to our name when we post. It is probably related to that somehow    Reply 0 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago Adding onto what Zengjie Tang said, it is not clear if you can solely answer questions on Campuswire to get the full 5 extra credit points or you have to do both ways   Hopefully the professor can clarify if we can do one way to receive all extra credits    Reply 0 Zengjie Tang 111 answered this  question  4 months ago Grading Section  also mentions two ways to get extra credit, but no a specific metric.    Reply 0 Zengjie Tang 111 answered this  question  4 months ago Not specifically mentioned by the professor, but I believe it is related to the reputation system in the forum.    Reply 0 Tahir Bagasrawala 266 answered this  question  4 months ago It's likely linked to the score you're assigned depending on how active you are in the forums.   (Notice you've already accumulated 2 points for asking this question)     Reply
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Issue installing MeTA on Mac - Any advice? #22 Programming Assignment 1 Following instructions on this guide below:   https://meta-toolkit.org/setup-guide.html#mac-os-x-build-guide   On this step below:    I get the following error:    0   0   391   174 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago I wrote out all the steps I used to get MeTA and metapy installed on my Mac here:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/34   Hope it works for you too!   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 4 months ago Thanks Christian! You are a star.    Reply 1 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago It seems like the error is related to a hash mismatch during the download of ExternalICU, which could be due to a corrupted or incomplete file. Here’s what you could try to resolve the issue:   1.	Clean the Build Directory: Start by cleaning the build directory and then re-run the configuration and build commands. 2.	Check the URL: Sometimes, the download URL in the CMake configuration file might be outdated. You may want to manually download the ICU package from the official source and then point to it in the configuration. 3.	Update or Reinstall CMake: If you are using an older version of CMake, consider updating it to the latest version. An incompatible or corrupted CMake installation could cause such errors. 4.	Seek Official Support: If the above steps don’t resolve the issue, it might be a good idea to consult the official documentation or reach out to the MeTA community through their support channels.    Please make sure to follow each step carefully from the guide, as missing a step or typo can lead to these types of errors. Good luck!    Reply 0 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago I am running into the same issue. Using python 3.5   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago switch to python 3.6.5. I was able to complete the assignment when I did that.    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Is MeTA (the C++ library) required? I took a look at the first MP instructions and it seems like it requires the Python library.   I’ve run into issues with MeTA in the past; I don’t believe it’s supported anymore, and hasn’t been for years.   EDIT: Looks like the instructions for MP1 indicate the need for the metapy Python library ( https://github.com/meta-toolkit/metapy ), but that requires MeTA itself to be built in your environment, so disregard the above. Instead, please treat this as a second voice who can’t install MeTA on Mac    Reply
Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Clarification on Tech Review #23 TechReview In Course Introduction Video (at 10:16), you said "both technology reviews and projects can be done by working together with others in a group".   I know the course project is (encouraged to be) a group project, but I wasn't able to find any mention of the Tech Review being a group project anywhere else in the course.     Is Tech Review really a group project?   Are we "required" to work on one Tech Review with the same group if we chose to form a group for the course project? Or, can I work on Tech Review individually and separately AND do the course project as a group?     0   0   429   191 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Tech review is an individual assignment while project is a group assignment. A good idea might be: you do a group project about a specific topic, and do your individual tech reviews focusing on different aspects of this topic, so that you will not overlap too much in yout tech reviews. This is why the instructor said "both technology reviews and projects can be done by working together with others in a group", which is suggested but not required.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago From past descriptions and reviews, the tech review seems to be meant to be done individually   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago This is how I read this as well. I think some of the content might be slightly outdated    Reply 0 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago I recall from the course introduction video that the Tech Review is to be done individually, even though there was mention of working together with others. It may be best to seek clarification from the instructor or TA to confirm the correct information, as the Technology Review Information also states that it should be completed individually.    Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) In fact, according to the Technology Review Information, "The Technology Review should be completed  individually ". Which information is correct?    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved livedata lab not accessible #24 Programming Assignment 1 Livedata lab is still not accessible. Pl. advise on when it'll be activated.   3   0   368   172 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 4 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago When accessing the "Programming Assignments Overview" page under Coursera, the following header is shown:   UNDER CONSTRUCTION. PLEASE CHECK on Friday, Aug. 25   I guess just check Friday, August 25 the earliest.   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago Thanks for this update. At least there is a day to check back in now    Reply 1 Arindam Chakraborty 50 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here. Not able to access LivedataLab.    Reply 0 Chang Hun Park 172 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here. I  am still waiting for it.    Reply 0 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago I second this. It would be helpful to start the MPs soon    Reply
Gilberto Ramirez 46 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Q6 Week-3 Practice Quiz #25 Quiz 3 I'm confused with the answer to question 6 in the Week-3 Practice Quiz. It seems the correct answer is  a higher F-measure . However, if it is advised to put more emphasis on  recall  instead of  precision , shouldn't the F1 score be  lower  since Precision ( P P P ) can be low to allow for a higher Recall ( R R R )?   Looking at the expression for  F 1 F_1 F 1 ​ :   F 1 = 2 P R P + R  F_1 = \frac{2PR}{P+R}  F 1 ​ = P + R 2 PR ​   A high  recall  and low  precision  should give a low  F 1 F_1 F 1 ​ , doesn't it? The correct answer to this question in the MOOC is  lower .   Thanks   0   0   373   168 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago "Higher" here means a higher parameter for F-Measure. You could refer to page 6 in slides 3.2 titled "Combine Precision and Recall: F-Measure". A higher parameter  β \beta β  in F-Measure prefers a higher recall. F1 is a specific case of F-Measure when the parameter  β \beta β  is 1.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Tahir Bagasrawala 266 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) As I understand it, a high F1-score is good overall. Could represent high precision and recall or a balance between precision and recall. Even if there is an imbalance (e.g. v. high precision and v. low recall), the F1 score balances that out well as it is a harmonic mean.   A low F1 score is not really beneficial, does not give you much information to go by.   1 reply  Reply Gilberto Ramirez 46 4 months ago (edited) A high F1 score indicates a balanced performance between precision and recall, but in a situation where you want better recall than precision because False Negatives have a very high cost (imagine cancer detection, or fraud, or terrorism threat), you might not want the highest F1 score but a lower one, since you want to favor Recall versus Precision (meaning you want to lower your threshold to get more hits that can potentially be positives that are very expensive to miss). See  this link .    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Gilberto Ramirez 46 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Community Join Key? #27 CDL What is the Community Key to join the CS410 CDL?   0   0   290   151 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Please see the post  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/42    Reply Student answers Best 0 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago The Community Join Key has not yet been released as far as I'm aware.   I would assume after Week 1 it will be updated in the Syllabus within the CS 410 Website.    Reply
Drshika Asher 30 posted a  note  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone week 1 notes  #28 Quiz 1 wanted to share my notes for the first week since CDL isn't up  CS410 CH1   17   6   351   172 Comments Aug 23rd, 3:52 pm Tim Crosling 234 1 This is very helpful - thank you!   Aug 23rd, 5:10 pm Mitchell Kopczyk 123 1 Awesome Thanks!   Aug 23rd, 5:45 pm Naveen Baskaran 49 1 Drshika, This is very helpful. Thank you   Sep 2nd, 12:16 am Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 Waiting for Week 2 notes :)   Sep 7th, 9:55 am Drshika Asher 30 Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 Waiting for Week 2 notes :)   @Rohit Kumar Pandey  hi, I shared a onenote on CDL that gets the updates for each week. as of now there should be three weeks on there. I can also make a separate campuswire post if that is helpful.   Oct 10th, 1:19 am Rhea Chen 958 Thanks!   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Chuching Ho 428 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved ProctorU cannot sign up for new account #29 General I was not able to sign up a new account with my illinois email. It said my email has already been taken but I've never signed up a ProctorU account before. Is the link the correct place to sign up?  https://go.proctoru.com/students/users/new   1   2   292   148 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Chuching Ho 428 answered this  question  4 months ago Just resolved. To anyone who might need this, I used Illinois credentials to log in but failed. Then I received nonreply email from ProctorU and was able to verify my account.    Reply 0 Pratyusha Pogaru 166 answered this  question  4 months ago I also never signed up with my school email and I saw the same issue, that my email has been taken. I tried signing in using my Illinois .edu email credentials (both email and password) and it worked for me.   1 reply  Reply Chuching Ho 428 4 months ago I was not able to login using  illinois.edu  email credentials.    Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  4 months ago You should reach out to  mcs-support@illinois.edu  this is not a course specific question   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago Usually the best place for issues like this    Reply
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Could you please update Zoom link for office hours today #30 Programming Assignment 1   0   1   311   145 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yunzhe Li answered this  question  4 months ago It should be included in the event description. BTW, I adjust my office hour to 8-9pm, which is consistent with Prof. zhai's announcement. I am sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.    Reply
David Anderson 549 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved What is CDL? #31 CDL I have seen a few different posts refer to it but it is unclear to me what it is.   1   0   308   157 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 2 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago You can find an introduction to CDL as well as instructions on how to use it at  https://textdata.org/  . As explained in Yuxiang's response, we'll use it as a collaborative learning tool to enrich the course content. You will earn extra credit for contributing content.  We'll post  more detailed instructions on this a bit later.    Reply 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago It is related to one of the extra credits. Copied from course website: "2) Community Digital Library (CDL): Students are given extra credit for regularly saving useful Web resources related to CS410 into the CS410 CDL. All the saved content in the CDL can then be used by all the students to find useful supplementary materials such as a useful explanation of a complex concept."    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 3 Austin Harmon 70 answered this  question  4 months ago I found this link on the CS 410 course website:  https://textdata.org/about    Reply
David Anderson 549 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Will the office hours be recorded? #32 General In previous classes, they have been and it was helpful to be able to review what was discussed. (moved this from a comment to a post so it does not get lost)   0   0   247   140 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago Thank you for raising this question. We have decided not to record office hours, but we will make sure to share any of our explanations that may be broadly interesting to other students here on Campuswire so that you won't miss any such useful explanation/information even if you didn't attend an office hour. If you'd like to see what is discussed in an office hour, please feel free to join and just listen.    Reply 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago We won't record office hours as students would ask about programming assignments, which we consider not public.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Payel Chakraborty 117 answered this  question  4 months ago I think they were supposed to be in  https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs-410/resources/nOxcB . But I can't view them as it says "the recording doesn't exist". Even all the days it already happened don't happen to be there, like 08/21 is absent.    Reply
Yutao Zhou 16 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Video is not loaded in Coursera #33 General Hi, I’ve already completed the onboarding course on Monday and I can access the course website now.   However, I found that all the videos in the course cannot be loaded ( shown as 0:00/0:00) and thus I cannot watch them. Also, this course does not show up in “My Courses”.   I tried to use different browser and internet connection, but the problem persists.   Has anybody encountered the same problem before? I'd appreciate if someone could help me with that.   0   0   263   142 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago mcs-support@illinois.edu  might also be a good point of contact as well.    Reply 1 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi Yutao,   One suggestion is possibly clear your cookies and login to see if that helps. If the issue persists, I recommend you reaching out to Coursera as indicated here:   https://www.coursera.support/s/learner-help-center   They have 24/7 support and should be able to help as this seems like a Coursera specific issue   1 reply  Reply Yutao Zhou 16 4 months ago Thanks for your help Andrew, I will try to reach out to Coursera.    Reply
Christian Opperman 840 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Installing MeTA on Mac #34 Programming Assignment 1 This was posted already but it's been marked as resolved when (to my knowledge) there's no resolution discovered yet.   Does anyone know how to install the MeTA toolkit (not the Python library that interfaces with it) on Mac OS?   I've replaced the ICU link in CMakeLists.txt with the correct download link (see this issue:  https://github.com/meta-toolkit/meta/issues/217 ) but I'm still getting an error when running the make command.   configure:  error : C compiler cannot create executables See `config. log '  for   more  details make[2]: *** [deps/icu-58.2/src/ExternalICU-stamp/ExternalICU-configure]  Error  77 make[1]: *** [CMakeFiles/ExternalICU. dir /all]  Error  2 make: *** [all]  Error  2    3   0   646   183 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 2 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Hi, Metapy does not work after python 3.7 and most of the Mac machines come with python 3.8+ installed. You could try to use conda to create a virtual environment with python version of 3.7 and install cmake in the conda environment.   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago Exactly what I ended up doing!    Reply Student answers Best 5 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago I'm back with a final fix that allowed me to  pip install metapy  on my system.   It appears that the metapy Python library is only available for old(er) versions of Python. It wasn't working on 3.11 (my base install), but it was able to work when I created a new conda environment and installed Python 3.7.   I did this:   conda create -n cs410mp1 conda activate cs410mp1 conda install python = = 3.7  pip install metapy pytoml    Not sure if the methods to get MeTA compiled that I updated in my last post were needed for this (I doubt it), but hopefully this helps others.   2 replies  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 4 months ago (edited) I get the following error when running step 4 (pip install metapy pytoml). I've got python version 3.11. Any ideas?     1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago Yeah - metapy only works for Python versions <= 3.7. You need a virtual environment with Python 3.7 or lower set up (should be an easy Google). That should do it for you    Reply Ajay Ramsunder 11 4 months ago In order to activate MeTA each time we would have to go into the environment right?   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago Yeah, should be treated just like any other virtual environment    Reply 2 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago I believe managed to find a fix for this. Wanted to share here, in case anyone on Mac is having similar issues.   First, there are/were two issues:     The link to the icu-58.2 source in meta/CMakeLists.txt is outdate. Replacing it with a link to the GitHub repo (see the link in my original question) solved that for me.   After fixing  #1  above and then running through the steps, I was getting an error with the C compiler. Digging into the logs, it seems that it wasn't properly finding the stdio.h header file, which was breaking everything. To solve that, I had to:   Update XCode   Reinstall the XCode Command Line Tools with:     xcode- select  install      Reset my SDK path, which seemed to have been wiped out at some point and wasn't being reset by the XCode reinstall. According to what I've seen, this seems to be a common problem if you're using zsh instead of bash (which I do). The prompt for that for me was:     export   SDKROOT = "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/SDKs/MacOSX.sdk"      Running  make  after that resulted in a successful build that passed all the unit tests.   I'm now running into an issue installing metapy with  pip install metapy . Will come back here once I've solved that.    Reply 0 Tahir Bagasrawala 266 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Christian, good stuff! Thanks for the detailed documentation.   **This did not work for me: **conda create -n cs410mp1 conda activate cs410mp1 conda install python==3.7 pip install metapy pytoml   I followed this:  https://github.com/meta-toolkit/metapy  (Getting started the hard way)   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago Yeah, the  conda  stuff presupposes that you're using environment management with Anaconda/Miniconda. Should have made that explicit, sorry!   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 4 months ago I need to set up my conda environment too. Is there a preference to install anaconda over miniconda (vice versa) in this situation?   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 4 months ago I think it’s whatever you’re most comfortable with. Miniconda is lighter weight, because it doesn’t pre-install a bunch of stuff (which anaconda does), so I personally went with that, but it’s up to you   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 4 months ago Okay got it. Thank you!    Reply
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Late Registration #37 General Hi Professor and TAs   Since I just registered for this course yesterday, and my Coursera still has no information about this course (I contacted Coursera Illinois Campus, and the answer was that it would take 48-72 hours to be reflected in Coursera).  I would like to know, is there a Due or other tasks that need to be submitted in the first week of the course?  Thanks.   0   0   328   157 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Each week's Quiz is due on Sunday. End of Week 7 is the hard deadline for the first 6 Quizzes, meaning you can still get reduced marks until the day but absolutely lose all points after that. If you want full points for Quiz 1, the deadline will be still Sunday August 27.   From Syllabus  Each week's Quiz is due on Sunday. Late quiz submissions will be accepted up until the Hard Deadline. However, a late penalty of 5% will be deducted daily until a submission is made or the grade reaches 0%.    Reply 1 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago Adding on, try to form a group or join a group of 3-5 as early as possible since there's a group project later on with multiple assignments due. You can find people on Slack for this.   1 reply  Reply cs cyan-siamese-63 4 months ago Thank you for your answer.    Reply 1 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago The first item due is the Orientation Quiz, which according to Coursera is due Aug 28. The first 6 quizzes on course material are due at the end of Week 7, and the first MP is due Sept. 3rd.   I think you’re good!   2 replies  Reply cs cyan-siamese-63 4 months ago Thank you so much    Reply cs cyan-siamese-63 4 months ago By the way, whats MP means?   1 reply  Reply Andrew Chiang 708 4 months ago MP means machine problems, which are few programming assignments spread over the semester to enable students to gain practical skills by working on software toolkits, and experimenting with data sets and ideas for improving algorithms.   1 reply  Reply cs cyan-siamese-63 4 months ago Thank you so much for your clarification.    Reply 0 Kathleen Barta 100 answered this  question  4 months ago Other answers have covered everything, but I would add to make sure you join the slack, especially if you are looking for a group for the group project! its called cs-410-text-info-syst on the illinois slack    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Pratyusha Pogaru 166 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Meta installation on Mac failing- errors in config.log #41 Programming Assignment 1 These are the steps I've taken so far.   In Anaconda: conda create -n cs410mp1 conda activate cs410mp1 conda install python==3.7 pip install metapy pytoml   Replaced the URL in meta/CMakeFiles.txt with the one below:  https://github.com/unicode-org/icu/releases/download/release-58-2/icu4c-58_2-src.tgz   In conda env, followed these steps excluding brew commands:  https://meta-toolkit.org/setup-guide.html   I updated Xcode and double checked that my SDK path exists, and it does:   xcrun --show-sdk-path  /Library/ Developer /CommandLineTools/ SDKs/MacOSX.sdk    However, I am seeing this when running the last make command from the above link:   -- Generating done (0.2s) -- Build files have been written  to : /Users/pratyushapogaru/meta/build [  0%] Performing configure  step   for   'ExternalICU'  checking  for  ICU version numbers .. . release 58.2, library 58.2, unicode version 9.0 checking build  system  type .. . arm-apple-darwin22.4.0 checking host  system  type .. . arm-apple-darwin22.4.0 checking whether  to  build  debug  libraries .. .  no  checking whether  to  build release libraries .. .  yes  checking whether the C compiler works .. .  no  configure: error:  in  `/Users/pratyushapogaru/meta/build/deps/icu-58.2/src/ExternalICU-build ': configure: error: C compiler cannot create executables See `config.log'   for  more details make[2]: *** [deps/icu-58.2/src/ExternalICU-stamp/ExternalICU-configure]  Error  77 make[1]: *** [CMakeFiles/ExternalICU.dir/all]  Error  2 make: *** [all]  Error  2    The errors I see in config.log are as follows:   configure: 2948 : /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/usr/bin/cc -V >& 5   clang:   error : argument  to   '-V' is missing (expected 1 value)   clang:   error : no input files  configure: 2959 : $? =  1   configure: 2948 : /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/usr/bin/cc -qversion >& 5   clang:   error : unknown argument  '-qversion'; did you mean '--version'?   clang:   error : no input files  configure: 2959 : $? =  1   configure: 2979 : checking whether the C compiler works  configure: 3001 : /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/usr/bin/cc -fPIC   conftest.c  >& 5   ld:  library  not  found  for  -lSystem  clang:   error : linker command failed  with   exit  code  1  (use -v  to  see invocation)  configure: 3005 : $? =  1   configure: 3043 : result: no    It looks like the clang issue is from an old XCode 8 bug-  https://github.com/tmux/tmux/issues/601 . Has anyone run into this, or tried any other fixes for C compiler issues?   1   0   270   147 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Pratyusha Pogaru 166 answered this  question  4 months ago Solved- I did not add my SDK path to my bash profile.   export   SDKROOT = "/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools/SDKs/MacOSX.sdk"      I also added the explicit python version to the make command:   CXX =clang++ cmake  .. /  -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE =Release  -DICU_ROOT =/usr/local/opt/icu4c  -DMETAPY_PYTHON_VERSION =3.7 make      Reply
Shan Huang 371 posted a  note  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone MAC installation for Meta #43 Programming Assignment 1 Given the conda not support python 3.7 now. Please try   conda create -n CS410 conda activate CS410 conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.7  pip install metapy    At least work for me   9   3   526   184 Comments Aug 25th, 5:48 am Dave Pankros 323 1 This works for me, at least partially.  It installs and I can run  some  things.  If I try to run examples that I've found, any call to  score  on a ranker will hang.  E.g.   ranker = metapy.index.OkapiBM25() ranker.score(...)    I first tried it in a local Jupyter notebook, but then tried it in a plain python script (.py) and both hang the same way.  Same conda environment for both, however.   python                    3.7.12 metapy                    0.2.13    Sep 5th, 6:33 pm Yiting Zhao 142 It works for me. Thank you!   Sep 8th, 11:48 am Saurav Sharma 12 Thanks for this post! Helped me solve my issue.   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Why do we need to install Meta? #44 Programming Assignment 1 Curious as I have seen a handful of people posting and asking about it, yet the livedata lab is still locked for me so I am not able to see the MP instruction at all.   Is there a requirement somewhere that reads we need to have meta locally and I just missed it? Are MPs not done in a dockerized environment that all libs required are pre-installed? Thank you!   2   0   465   162 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago We will experiment with meta in MPs. There is a delay in releasing MP1 now as  #66 .    Reply Student answers Best 0 Payel Chakraborty 117 answered this  question  4 months ago Exactly my question too. LiveDataLab still doesn't work for me and will wait until late today. And my notion was that we would be able to program on the pre-installed environments. Would be better to have some clarifications here.    Reply 0 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago The LiveData link for setting up MP assignments is currently not working for me either, so I’m also unsure about the specific requirement to install Meta locally. However, I recall that in week 2, the lab assignment might involve using the Meta toolkit, so it’s possible that we need to have it installed. I’m eager to learn more about this as well, and it would be great if we could find some official instructions or ask the instructor for clarification. As far as I know, MPs are usually done in a dockerized environment with all required libraries pre-installed, but there might be an exception in this case.    Reply
David Anderson 549 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 due date #45 Programming Assignment 1 With being unable to access livedata lab, will the due date for MP1 be updated to reflect the days of work missed?   7   2   477   191 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Louis Hamilton 224 answered this  question  4 months ago I think that would be a reasonable approach, as some students rely on working ahead when they don't have obligations. Although technically we are not in week 2 yet.    Reply 0 Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 answered this  question  4 months ago Looks like this has been extended. 😌    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago I'd be surprised, given that the MP is for Week 2 and we're just at the end of Week 1. Sad that we can't work ahead at the beginning of the term, but technically I don't think we're behind schedule.   1 reply  Reply David Anderson 549 4 months ago Sad    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Marie Yau 621 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Technology Review Sign Up #47 TechReview On Coursera, it says that we are supposed to select our topic  in this sheet in Google Docs . I am not able to open it. The instructions says that we should be able to open it with our  illinois.edu  email, but the email is from Microsoft, not Google, so it isn't recognized.   1   0   516   195 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks all for the answers! You should sign in to Google with your illinois account before accesing Google Doc materials.    Reply Student answers Best 3 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) it seems like you should be able to access the Google Docs sheet using your  illinois.edu  email. Although the email service is provided by Microsoft, you can still use the  illinois.edu  address to log into Gmail. To do this, you may need to enable the service first by visiting  https://cloud-dashboard.illinois.edu .    Reply 2 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  4 months ago I had the same issue. You have to enable a google account with your Illinois email. Once you do that you will be redirected when you try to login with your Illinois email on google.    Reply 1 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago I had the same problem. I created a google account and then wasn't able to enable it from  https://cloud-dashboard.illinois.edu . I went back to delete my account in Google and was able to enable the account from  https://cloud-dashboard.illinois.edu  and access the googlesheet. Hope this helps!    Reply 1 Austin Harmon 70 answered this  question  4 months ago I recently accessed the spreadsheet earlier today. When I first clicked on the link, I entered my Illinois email address on the Google form. After that, I was directed to an Illinois form where I entered my Illinois email address again. I was then prompted to enter my Illinois password and authenticate with Duo. After that, I clicked Continue and I was shown the spreadsheet.    Reply
Eric Qian 51 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Should course information show up in canvas.illinois.edu? #48 General This is my first semester and I signed up for 2 courses including this one. It currently says "You are not enrolled in any courses", but I have signed up for 2. I was wondering if this is an issue because I want to be able to see my assignments on the calendar to keep myself organized. Thanks.   0   0   295   151 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago No, we don't use Canvas but Coursera for CS410.    Reply Student answers Best 2 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago In this particular course, CS 410, we’re not using Canvas for course materials or communication. Instead, all the course materials are available on Coursera, and we use Campuswire for communications. So, you won’t see this course listed on your Canvas account. If you’re looking to keep track of your assignments, you might want to manually add them to your calendar since they won’t appear on Canvas.    Reply 0 Prasad Gole 245 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) Yeah it’s not in Canvas but in coursera. It usually takes effect in 2 working days. In my experience, once it took longer to reflect on coursera, so I emailed  mcs-support@illinois.edu  and they updated it for me in an hour.    Reply 0 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi Eric,   Did you enroll into 410 very recently? If so it may take up to 48 hours for the course to properly work.   If not I would recommend shooting an email  at   mcs-support@illinois.edu .   1 reply  Reply Eric Qian 51 4 months ago I enrolled 10 days ago. I will send them an email. Thanks    Reply 0 Kathleen Barta 100 answered this  question  4 months ago I believe it may take a few days for the courses to populate on coursera, but you should reach out to  mcs-support@illinois.edu  if you think there's an issue :)   1 reply  Reply Eric Qian 51 4 months ago I'm asking if the courses will populate on Canvas, not Coursera. I already have access to the Coursera class   1 reply  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 4 months ago Coursera classes will only appear on Coursera, not Canvas.   1 reply  Reply Eric Qian 51 4 months ago Got it, thanks    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Pivoted Length Normalizer #50 General In this lecture (Lesson 2.3), the formula of the normalizer uses "avdl" or average document length. Can we think of this as the average document length in a collection? Or is there another interpretation of this avg doc length   0   0   272   148 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Yes, it is the average document length in a collection.    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Kathleen Barta 100 answered this  question  4 months ago I understood this as the average document length in the collection of relevant documents.    Reply 0 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  4 months ago I took it to mean all the documents in the collection.   For one, it's easy to calculate and keep around that way and, on the whole it's probably not going to vary much once your document collection gets large, practically speaking.  Also, seen another way, aren't aren't  all  documents in a collection part of the result set even if, practically speaking, they're really low on the list?  We can choose theta to cut them off, but to me theta seems more like a pragmatic construct.   Also, and probably most importantly if I'm thinking about this correctly, if we took avdl to mean the average document length in the result set (relevant documents) then the ranking function would depend on the result set being completed, which makes it an infinitely recursive definition.   1 reply  Reply Andrew Vamos 147 4 months ago I don't follow your infinitely recursive point - you could first retrieve your result set (i.e. the subset of documents from the collection that contain at least one of your query words), compute average doc length for that subset, and then use that in the rank calculation. If I understand what you are describing, you are implying that every time you are calculating average document length, the result set changes - and I don't see why that would be the case. Perhaps if you have some sort of intermediate step that removes results below a certain rank threshold, then you might end up with some sort of infinite recursion - but that isn't implied anywhere that I can see?   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago Well the point is that if avdl is a function of the result set and you  need  the avdl to  compute  the result set (through the ranking function), you've got a loop.  You could do as you describe and just grab a smaller simpler result set, and compute the avdl on that, but I'm not convinced that will be generally better than just using the average over all the documents, particularly if you got a bad first word.   1 reply  Reply Andrew Vamos 147 4 months ago (edited) I still don't see why you have to have the avdl to retrieve the result set though - you  need  the avdl to compute the  rankings  within the result set,  not  the result set itself.     Return all documents with at least 1 instance of any query first. (i.e. the Postings table in the 2.4 video on the slide titled "Inverted Index Example" around 9 minute mark)   Now compute avdl and whatever else you are using in your ranking equation. This doesn't modify the content of the results set - it just sorts them.     I then believe the tradeoff in calculating avdl from the entire collection vs the result subset would be speed (since you could save the single avdl from the entire set like you mentioned above) vs relevancy.   2 replies  Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago Now I see.  You are correct.  You know *whether *it's in the result set (just not the ranking) so you  could  know what's present before knowing the rankings are complete and, thus, compute the avdl.   Still, it would be an interesting experiment (and probably one dependent on the data) to see if preforming that extra work makes the results meaningfully better vs the extra running time required.    Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago One other thing is that, if you had a non-zero theta, (minimum rank) you would,  technically , be including documents that aren't in the results, right?    Reply
David Anderson 549 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Unable to access Live Data #51 Programming Assignment 1 The Course website said to check back on August 25th(Yesterday) as it is under construction.   I am still unable to access Livedata. Is anyone able to access it? When can we expect to have it available?   I was hoping to work on it this weekend since the current due date is scheduled for September 3rd. This is difficult for someone who works full-time and has obligations during the week.   8   0   443   167 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  4 months ago Still down for me.  :-(    Reply 0 Zeyu Liao 21 answered this  question  4 months ago Same Here    Reply 0 Kris Kamaei 39 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here and I am confused if the meta toolkit needs to be installed on my machine or on LiveDataLab    Reply 0 Shuxian Xu 7 answered this  question  4 months ago Same problem    Reply 0 Zengjie Tang 111 answered this  question  4 months ago Same to me    Reply 0 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here    Reply 0 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  4 months ago It's an on going problem I'm sure will get a solution soon.    Reply 0 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  4 months ago I’m in the same boat; I can’t access LiveData either. My guess is that the delay could be because the second week of the course hasn’t officially started yet. That might explain why they’re not rushing to make it live. I also planned to work on the assignments this weekend due to weekday commitments, so I share your concern. Hopefully, the issue will be resolved soon.    Reply 0 Aashish Anand 429 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi David.   Unfortunately, I am still unable to access Live Data as well. However, I hope it becomes available soon.    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  4 months ago Same not able to access it yet   1 reply  Reply kumarswamy valegerepura 32 4 months ago Same not able to access. Hopefully it will enabled today so we can start on this tomorrow.   1 reply  Reply ls lime-shrimp-48 4 months ago Marked this question as unresolved, as it's now Sunday, and still can't access live data labs.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Slack #52 General Hi Professor and TAs   I cannot join in Slack cause I am not MCS student. I sent email for support but they said it is just invite MCS student. What should I do to find some teammate for project.   0   0   295   167 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago You could find your teammates here  #61 .    Reply Student answers Best 1 Anonymous answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) I would say just make a non- anonymous post on Campuswire stating that you are looking for teammates with some information about your available times (to do online/ in person if you're on campus meetings). I'm sure some people will reach out to you.   I think it would be helpful for course staff to make another category called "Teammate Search" on Campuswire for posts looking for teammates.    Reply
Louis Hamilton 224 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Quiz Due Dates Clarification #53 General I see that the due date for quizzes in the first half of the course is Oct 8. Is this the "hard deadline" after which you receive 0 credit? Or is this an initial deadline? If it is the "hard deadline", how do we know on what date we start to lose 5 points per day?   1   0   516   190 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Yes, hard deadlines are the deadlines to decide whether you will receive full credits (before hard deadlines) or not. Each Sunday is what we suggest as soft deadlines. However, since this course is more self-paced. You don't need to strictly follow the soft deadlines.   1 reply  Reply Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 4 months ago In my previous courses here we used to see the “soft” deadlines as the deadline in the couresera whereas the hard deadline used to be mentioned in the syllabus. This helps on many many levels to the students. e.g. the calendar sync from coursera keeps you aware of the deadline. Can’t we keep the same here? It gives you a false impression otherwise that you are tracking well. :) I understand it’s mentioned in the course at least couple of times but would have been great if Coursera tracks the soft deadline as well. There are weeks in the job where you lose track of Saturdays and Sundays. 😄    Reply Student answers Best 2 Asmita Chihnara 106 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi Louis and Andrew,   My understanding is slightly different. Each quiz needs to be turned in by the Sunday of that week. If you're late, there's a 5-point deduction per day until the strict deadline on October 8th. Any submissions after that won't attract any points.    Reply 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  4 months ago Each week's Quiz is due on Sunday. End of Week 7 is the hard deadline for the first 6 Quizzes, meaning you can still get reduced marks until the day but absolutely lose all points after that. If you want full points for Quiz 1, the deadline will be still Sunday August 27.   From Syllabus  Each week's Quiz is due on Sunday. Late quiz submissions will be accepted up until the Hard Deadline. However, a late penalty of 5% will be deducted daily until a submission is made or the grade reaches 0%.    Reply 1 Andrew Vamos 147 answered this  question  4 months ago I understood it similar to Asmita although it is a little confusing and an instructor response is needed    Reply 1 Louis Hamilton 224 answered this  question  4 months ago Marking as unresolved considering conflicting answers.   1 reply  Reply Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 3 months ago Did you get a response for this in office hours or otherwise? Is there a penalty for delay per day post Sunday? I just got chance to attempt Week1 quiz and I don’t see any penalty that got applied. Maybe it’s done at the end.   1 reply  Reply Andrew Vamos 147 3 months ago Yuxiangs' answer above seems to have cleared this up    Reply 1 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi Louis,   Good question, from what I can interpret you only begin to lose dates after the "hard deadline". So for quizzes 1-6 the deadline is Oct 8. If you submit after that date then you will lose points.  A little blue banner also says that if you click on the quiz.   Hope that  makes sense.    Reply
Dave Pankros 323 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Warning About Encodings #54 General I just wasted a bunch of time on this and I want to warn others.   If you examine outside sources for gamma encoding, unary encoding, etc, please note that they're not always consistent.    For example , there are actually at least two type of unary encodings: one that can encode zeros (variant 1, below) and one that can only encode positive integers (variant 2, below), and their results are slightly different (one bit).   n | Variant 1 | Variant 2 --------------------------  0 | 0         | Undefined 1 | 10        | 0 2 | 110       | 10 3 | 1110      | 110    The professor has been using the positive integer variant (variant 2) for this class but outside sources may not.  (Lecture Notes 2.5 at 6)   Similarly, a definition of a gamma encoding that uses the zero-allowed unary encoding (variant 1) will necessarily vary from one that uses the positive-integer variant even though the resulting gamma codes should be equivalent.   2   0   428   180 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Tim Crosling 234 answered this  question  4 months ago Agree - I found the description of gamma encoding in the lecture and textbook a little confusing.  The following youtube made it much clearer:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTr7i44Qeww   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago Remember to add that link to the CDL to get some extra credit.    Reply 0 Warren Dietz 7 answered this  question  3 months ago I just had a little bit of trouble with this concept. My confusion with the lecture slide is that "Uniform Code" actually means binary.   Also, for Delta Encoding, when it says "Replace the unary prefix with the Gamma-code" This means convert the prefix from unary -> decimal -> gamma.   Here are my codified notes on this slide if it helps anyone.   Gamma-Code  To gamma encode x     Unary(1 + floor(log(x)))   Append Binary code for x - 2^(floor(log(x))) in log(x) bits.     Delta-Code  Same as gamma, but Gamma-code the unary prefix (Unary -> Decimal -> Gamma) ex. 5 End: 01 Gamma encode 3: 101    Reply 0 Alex Stepenko 273 answered this  question  4 months ago Yes, it's a bit confusing description, here is a good explanation  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIx3D3tF_j0    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  4 months ago Agreed - I also found it confusing when trying to read up on various sources.   To add more confusion, it looks like some places (ex:  https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/elias-gamma-encoding-in-python/ ) encode the unary code section of the gamma code with 0's, rather than with 1's, as in the lecture. Nevertheless, the link above helped me understand the structure of the encoding a little bit better.   2 replies  Reply Dave Pankros 323 4 months ago Yes, the Elias gamma encoding that I saw uses the "alternate" encoding that's described in wikipedia -- basically it's the binary inverse of the others.    Reply Eric Miller 297 3 months ago +1 for me finding this article helpful! So long as you are careful to encode with 1's (as per the lecture), I was able to follow along with the professor's calculations.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Austin Harmon 70 posted a  note  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone CS 410 Team Project #56 Project Hello Everyone,   I am forming a team on Campuswire for the CS 410 group project. If you are interested in joining, please reply to this note.   Thank you. Austin Harmon   0   13   475   199 Comments Aug 27th, 9:00 am Christian Opperman 840 I already have a group, but as a note a lot of group formation is happening on the Slack. I'd recommend checking that out!   Aug 27th, 9:12 am Pauline Brunet 0 Hey I am interested in joining!   Louis Hamilton 224 I'd like to join!   Aug 27th, 9:28 am Austin Harmon 70 Pauline Brunet 0 Hey I am interested in joining!   That is great. I am looking forward to working with you.   1 Louis Hamilton 224 I'd like to join!   That is great. I am looking forward to working with you.   Aug 27th, 10:42 am Mitchell Kopczyk 123 (edited) @Austin Harmon  I'll join if you need another person! Just DM me on campuswire or slack or email me at  kopczyk2@illinois.edu   Aug 27th, 12:11 pm Austin Harmon 70 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 @Austin Harmon  I'll join if you need another person! Just DM me on campuswire or slack or email me at  kopczyk2@illinois.edu   I sent you a Campuswire DM. I am looking forward to working with you.   Aug 27th, 2:08 pm Catherine Orlando 0 Hi, I could use a group and am interested in joining yours.   Aug 27th, 3:41 pm Austin Harmon 70 Catherine Orlando 0 Hi, I could use a group and am interested in joining yours.   That is great. I am looking forward to working with you.   Our team now consists of 5 members.   Aug 27th, 7:52 pm Tahir Bagasrawala 266 I'd like to join as well! Thanks   Aug 28th, 10:00 am Austin Harmon 70 1 Tahir Bagasrawala 266 I'd like to join as well! Thanks   Hello Tahir, our team contains the maximum number of group members, which is 5.   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Mark Lee 23 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved d-gap compression in inverted index #57 General In the inverted index compression, we went over the d-gap compression which stores the document ID differences. But I'm thinking according to Zipf's Law, there are a lot of rare terms, so wouldn't most terms occur in only a few documents resulting in many large d-gap values? This is in contrast to TF when most integers are small. Let me know if I'm understanding this correctly.   0   0   309   156 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago d-gap compression is used only to store the document ID.  Compared with storing "d1, d2, d3", storing "d1, d2-d1, d3-d2" reduce the numbers we need to store and thus reduce the storage requirement for document ID. This is not related to term storage.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Trying to sign up for the Slack #58 General I was trying to sign up for the Slack and got this error message. Any help is appreciated     0   0   305   159 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Shuhong Zheng 50 answered this  question  4 months ago It seems that the post  #19  provides a solution to contact  mcs-support@illinois.edu .    Reply 1 Andrew Vamos 147 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) I read somewhere that on campus students (i.e. not doing the  Online MCS program  ) are not allowed to sign up for the slack - not sure if this is accurate or not though    Reply
Mersim Rizmani 72 asked a  question  4 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Instructor Clarification Required for Below Quiz Due Date Question #59 Quiz 1 Are quizzes due on October 8th or are they due every Sunday? If it is the latter, could this be noted in Coursera, because Coursera lists all the due dates as October 8th.   Further, when is Week 1 quiz due?   I saw there was an instructor-endorsed response saying October 8th, but in a previous post, there were conflicting student responses. So just please clarify once again.   2   0   540   186 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 4 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks Mridul for the answer! If you finish quizzes before hard deadlines, you should receive full credits.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  4 months ago Oct 8 1-6 i believe   1 reply  Reply Aksh Gupta 53 4 months ago That is what I thought, but it seems like others are saying that is the latest deadline to get any point and the quiz is due today but you will lose points until the 8th where after that you will get just a 0.    Reply 0 Andrew Vamos 147 answered this  question  4 months ago Still needing an instructor follow up  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/14   https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/53    Reply
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Ehsan Sarfaraz 317 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Failing MeTA toolkit installation  #63 Programming Assignment 1 I cannot install MeTA toolkit in anaconda python environment (Jupyter Lab).    0   0   518   196 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) I had this error before too. I would just make sure that your program is referencing your conda environment. If it is and still giving problems, ensure that the environment is using python 3.7 or lower (to meet requirements for downloading the package).   The pinned post about installed Meta helped me resolve this issue. Hope this helps!   2 replies  Reply Matt Macrides 863 4 months ago MP1_setup.md   please refer to this note if you have trouble installing the Meta toolkit in MP1.    Reply Ehsan Sarfaraz 317 4 months ago Thank you!! Per that instruction I have been able to install Meta in Anaconda Prompt. Is that enough? I am using JupyterLab for coding.     1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 4 months ago Great, I’m glad that helped! You should be good to go. Here’s the link to the metapy functions if you want to test them out:  https://github.com/meta-toolkit/metapy/tree/master/tutorials    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  4 months ago Make sure you test metapy functions even if it shows installation succeed. My python was defaulted to point to the lastest version and I had to turn it off before I can import metapy.    Reply 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  4 months ago Is this on an arm-based Mac, by chance?  if so, you need to run under rosetta because there is no arm build.   You also need to be on Python <= 3.7 as others have mentions.   1 reply  Reply Ehsan Sarfaraz 317 4 months ago Thank you, my OS is windows.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Kin Yik Lam 146 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Missing options to download slides #65 General Unable to download slides as PDF for Lesson 5.7 and Lesson 5.8.      0   0   321   171 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Can you try "slides on EducationalWeb" to see whether it works?   1 reply  Reply Xingsi Zhang 78 3 months ago No it did not work.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  4 months ago Hi Kin, if you look at the slides under Lesson 5.6, it actually covers the next two videos as well (which is why there is no pdf under the remaining lessons). I had the same concern at first too. Hope this helps!!   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 4 months ago That makes sense. Appreciate the help, Matt!   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 4 months ago Of course!    Reply 0 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  4 months ago I used this:  https://github.com/raffaem/cs-dlp  and you can get the pdfs, videos, and everything else in one go.    Reply 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  4 months ago It's directing me to the following link but the link is not responding.  http://timan102.cs.illinois.edu/explanation//slide/cs-410/31   1 reply  Reply ChengXiang Zhai 4 months ago Sorry for the broken link. The EducationalWeb system is now available at  https://timan.cs.illinois.edu/eduweb_csintro/   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 4 months ago Thank you! I will give it a try.    Reply
ChengXiang Zhai posted a  note  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Delay in LiveDataLab setup & MP1 deadline extension #66 Programming Assignment 1 Dear Students,   We were hoping to have the LiveDataLab ready by last Friday, but unfortunately, we ran into some unexpected problems with setting it up on a new computing environment. As it's a quite complex cloud-based software system, we still haven't resolved all the problems despite the hard work of TAs over the weekend.  We apologize for the delay.   Given the delay of LiveDataLab, we have extended the deadline of MP1 by one week to Sunday, Sept 10. We will also revise MP2 so that it will have 3 subtasks (MP2.1, MP2.2 and M2.3) instead of 4 subtasks as it originally had.   We hope to make LiveDataLab ready as soon as possible and will post an update here when it's ready.   Thank you for your patience and understanding!   -Cheng   44   21   2209   282 Comments Aug 28th, 6:09 am Mridul Ghanshala 154 Ty   David Anderson 549 Ty   Aug 28th, 6:31 am Aashish Anand 429 Ty   Aug 28th, 6:58 am Naveen Baskaran 49 Ty   Aug 28th, 7:12 am Mohammad Tamim 264 thanks   Aug 28th, 8:49 am Andrew Chiang 708 Thank you!   Aug 28th, 10:01 am Rohit Kumar Pandey 264 Thank you    Himangshu Das 228 Thank you!   Aug 28th, 10:26 am Christian Opperman 840 Appreciate the update! Thank  you   Aug 28th, 10:41 am Kris Kamaei 39 Thank you for the update!   Aug 28th, 1:54 pm Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 Thank you. MP1 deadline is still set to Sep 4 on Coursera but I believe this will be updated soon   Aug 28th, 4:19 pm Payel Chakraborty 117 thanks!   Aug 28th, 6:34 pm Kevin Choi 0 Thank you!   Aug 28th, 6:48 pm Chang Hun Park 172 Is the issue fixed? I saw someone posting a question about the MP1#63 , but I still cannot access   Aug 28th, 10:47 pm Eric Qian 51 Thanks for the update!   Aug 29th, 4:38 pm Christian Opperman 840 1 Chang Hun Park 172 Is the issue fixed? I saw someone posting a question about the MP1#63 , but I still cannot access   @Chang Hun Park  I still can't get onto the site either, so I assume not   Aug 30th, 6:19 pm Aashish Anand 429 Christian Opperman 840 @Chang Hun Park  I still can't get onto the site either, so I assume not   @Christian Opperman  same   Sep 1st, 8:05 am Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 Still not in   Sep 2nd, 11:53 am Aashish Anand 429 7 I still can't access the LiveDataLab setup link   Sep 4th, 2:34 am Zeyu Liao 21 Still can't  access   Sep 4th, 7:27 am Xingsi Zhang 78 Has it fixed yet? Do we have access to LiveDataLab at this moment?   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved What does it mean if a lecture is Optional? #67 General   0   0   450   192 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago It means we don't have assignments/quizzes covering these lectures. It depends on you whether or not to watch them.   1 reply  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 4 months ago Does this mean that the exam will not be covering it as well? Or does this only apply to quizzes and MP's?   1 reply  Reply ChengXiang Zhai 4 months ago It won't be covered in the exam either. In other words, you can simply skip them. Of course, we do encourage you to watch it as it's still useful for you to know about those concepts.   2 replies  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 4 months ago Thank you for the clarification.    Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 4 months ago Thanks!    Reply Student answers Best An instructor  (ChengXiang Zhai)  endorsed this answer 1 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  4 months ago  (edited) If you are in the Slack, someone asked this question last year and the answer was that the optional topics will  not  be on the exam.   Things could change but would like either the TA or Instructor to confirm if this is still true.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anjali J 143 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Not able to Sign Up Live Data #73 Programming Assignment 1 Hello ,   Is Live Data is still not up ? I am trying to sign Up , but every time I am using below link  http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/   it is throwing below error :    Please advice on same   0   0   378   191 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 8 ChengXiang Zhai answered this  question  4 months ago We've now managed to set up LiveDataLab but are still in the process of testing MP1 on it. So please wait a bit. We hope to get MP1 set up on LiveDataLab tomorrow. We'll post an announcement about this once it's ready for you to work on the assignment.   1 reply  Reply Anjali J 143 4 months ago Thank You Professor :)    Reply
Himangshu Das 228 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Installing MeTA on M1 Mac (Apple Silicon) #75 Programming Assignment 1 Hi,   I wanted to share my findings for installing MeTA on Apple Silicon(ARM) Macs. I followed the instructions from  this post , but was stuck at this error -   PackagesNotFoundError: The following packages are  not  available  from  current channels:   -  python =3.7    After Googling found the cause, it seems like apple silicon doesn't have support for python 3.7. The workaround is to emulate x86_64 architecture. Following commands should do it -   conda create -n py37 conda activate py37 conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.7 pip install metapy pytoml    Thanks!   13   1   623   228 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks for your sharing!    Reply Student answers Best 0 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago I followed the same instruction but still receving error CMake     Reply 0 Sasin Gudipati 9 answered this  question  3 months ago Does the conda install step take a long time for everyone?   2 replies  Reply Chuching Ho 428 3 months ago It takes a long time for me.    Reply Ahmad Albarqawi 75 3 months ago there is a version called miniconda if you care about the speed and disk space:  https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/    Reply
Alex Ho 9 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Due Date for MP2.1 #76 Programming Assignment 1 Since there has been a deadline extension for MP1, I was wondering about the due dates for following MPs. Will MP2.1 still be due Sunday, September 10? Or will some MPs also be pushed back due to MP1 being extended? Thank you.   1   0   649   224 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Please refer to  #119 .    Reply Student answers Best 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  4 months ago It would make sense due date for MP2 get delayed according to the changing due date for MP1    Reply 1 Anjali J 143 answered this  question  4 months ago As per discussion with Professor in yesterday session , I believe the dates will get adjusted for MP2 as well    Reply 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  4 months ago Not sure if all hard deadlines of MPs will be pushed back by a week?    Reply 0 Kishore Iyer 20 answered this  question  4 months ago For now, I believe there is no extension to MP2 but one of the subtasks has been removed.   1 reply  Reply Rhea Chen 958 3 months ago Is it confirmed MP2.1 is removed? I'm still seeing it as a TODO due on 9/10 on my portal    Reply
Haitham Shahin 76 asked a  question  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 Due Date #77 Programming Assignment 1 Hello,   Will coursera be updated to reflect the new due date for MP1? I'm still seeing September 4 as the due date.   thank you in advance!   2   0   461   206 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 2 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago I have updated MP1 deadline on Coursera to Sep 10th.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here.    Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  4 months ago Thanks for bringing this up. Even though there was an announcement about delaying DDL to Sep 10th. It would ease our mind if Coursera reflects it.    Reply 0 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  4 months ago Professor stated the due date on 10th so I wouldn't worry too much about it.    Reply 0 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  4 months ago Yes. Our professor announced that the due date will be moved to September 10th despite it still saying September 4th in Coursera. Please refer to the discussion post labeled “Delay in LiveDataLab setup & MP1 deadline extension” for more information (in the pinned threads). Hope this helps!    Reply 0 Zengjie Tang 111 answered this  question  4 months ago Same here, hope they will update that soon..    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous posted a  note  4 months ago Visible to: Everyone Commenting versus Answering on Posts #79 General Hi all,   I wanted to make a quick note to facilitate our collective Campuswire experience.   For Question type posts, there are two options for responding:  Answer  and  Comment .  Campuswire automatically marks any Question post as "Resolved" when ANYONE  (students, instructors, TAs)  responds with an Answer type.  To allow for more effective question answering, I believe it would be in everyone's best interests for students to only post an "Answer" response if they are fairly certain about the answer for the posted question.   I understand that we receive extra credit based on our participation in answering questions. But it is not helpful when a student, who also does not have any additional information more than the original poster, answers a question that requires official (TA and Professor) clarification. Instead, I would encourage you all to use the "Comment" section to discuss, but not answer, these types of posts.   Again, I believe this only applies to questions that require official clarification. I just want to it be easier for everyone to get official responses quickly when needed, which is difficult for the instructors to do when they believe the posts are "Resolved" even though they do not have proper answers.   Thank you for your understanding.   4   2   394   174 Comments Aug 31st, 4:13 pm Kathleen Barta 100 1 if this happens, you can also mark the question as "unresolved" so that it can be answered again by TAs or instructor.   Sep 1st, 9:57 am Dave Pankros 323 1 Thanks for pointing this out!  To be honest, I didn't notice that tab before you mentioned it and it totally makes sense.   (Part of me was hoping I could post this as an "Answer" just for irony. haha)   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Xingsi Zhang 78 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Inverted Indexing, what exactly is inverted? #82 Quiz 2 I am very confused at the lecture. Prof Zhai did not explain why and what is actually inverted. From what I see, it is just hashmap with word as key, no?   0   0   357   164 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thank the answers from Kin, Catherine, Dave and Mitchell for explaining Inverted Indexing, especially Dave's interpretations about "Inverted"!    Reply Student answers Best 2 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) An inverted index, maps words to their occurrences in documents and often employs techniques like compression for space efficiency and stores term frequencies for relevance ranking. Meanwhile, a hash map is a broad-purpose data structure pairing keys with values for speedy lookups, without the specialized features for text retrieval. This is at least what I undertstood.    Reply 1 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago Adding on to Catherine's statement, the first example is called forward index where you list all the terms contained in a book. The second example is an inversion of forward index, where you list all the books that contains a term.    Reply 1 Catherine Bui 140 answered this  question  3 months ago To further build on what Dave and Mitchell said, I believe it's called inverted because it's the opposite of how we generally index a document. For instance, when we look at the index of a book, it lists the terms and then where they are located for that book. With inverted indexing, if applied to the example of a book, it would list all the books that contain a certain term.    Reply 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago Similar to Mitchell, my interpretation is that it's "inverted" because 1) usually you would think about a document having words (not words having a document) and, indeed, 2) this is how we generate the initial index files.  During the sort & merge, however, it gets flipped into words to documents, and thus, it's inverted from its  initial  state.   Warning: I might be completely wrong,(as my wife frequently reminds me. haha ).    Reply 0 Avinash Pathak 15 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Let's say you have 10 documents. Given a query, you want to find a relevant document. One way is you match query to the words in documents "by reading each document and searching it for words in query". In inverted index - you "index" the documents based on words. Words act as index - meaning given a word in query, you would know which documents it exists in and what is the frequency if that word is present as index without even looking into the documents (indexing is a preprocessing of documents). So, when you have indexed documents and want to search/match a query then you take a word from query and directly find in which documents the word is present along with the frequency. (word  - doc_id - frequency )    Reply
Payel Chakraborty 117 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Is the LiveDataLab fixed now? #83 General I am still not able to access LiveDataLab, is it not up yet?   0   0   710   193 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 4 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago LiveDataLab has been fixed. We are now testing MP1 before releasing it to you, and we will announce it when we are done ASAP. Thanks for the patience!    Reply Student answers Best 2 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago I followed this instruction but still not able to open link  http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/    Reply 1 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago Still not up for me...    Reply 1 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  3 months ago Just checked, still not.....    Reply 1 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  3 months ago Still unavailable    Reply 1 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Same not able to access 🥲    Reply 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago No.. it's still unavailable (sad)   1 reply  Reply Payel Chakraborty 117 3 months ago ok, thanks!    Reply
Warren Dietz 7 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved 2.6 Zipf's law #84 Quiz 2 I am confused by this statement. Is this referring to pruning documents? How would zipf's law help you prune documents?   "Exploit Zipf’s law to avoid touching many documents not matching any query term"   0   0   519   172 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks Kin and Catherine for the answers!   You could also refer to page 5 of slides 2.5, Inverted Index compression leverages skewed distribution of values and use variable-length encoding. It has a step 2: Sort local tuples, so more frequent terms have smaller IDs. Therefore, based on Zipf's law, Inverted Index is able to achieve fast indexing.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago The inverted index is built on the assumption that Zipf's law holds. Zipf's law states that a large amount of words (rare words) occur less frequently and vice versa.   When the assumption holds, an inverted index would reduce the search time as it has already done preprocessing to identify the documents that the words occur in.   If the assumption doesn't hold and all the words are uniformly distributed, this would negate the benefit of the inverted index as the algorithm will still have to scan through all documents.    Reply 1 Catherine Bui 140 answered this  question  3 months ago Based on the distribution of words, Zipf's Law shows us that stop words occur very frequently and aren't useful for retrieval; they can be removed or given less importance. Additionally, it also shows us which terms hold the most importance and should be ranked highest. Because of that, I believe the statement suggests we can exploit Zipf's Law by pruning or filtering documents that have more stop words and prioritizing documents that contain the most relevant terms.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Andrew Chiang 708 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Quiz Attempts for Week 7-12 #86 Quiz 7 So I was looking at the upcoming quizzes and noticed how quizzes from Week 7-12 doesn't show how many attempts we get. Does this mean we only have 1 attempt or those haven't been updated yet?   3   0   475   180 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Yuankai Wang 31 answered this  question  3 months ago I am able to click try again after finishing it, so I believe we have at least more than 1 attempt.    Reply 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago I was able to attempt multiple times (even three times) and got all 100%.    Reply
Tim Crosling 234 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 due date due to LiveDataLab delay #87 Programming Assignment 1 Can we please get an update on the deadline for MP1?   Given LIveDataLab is still not active 1 week after the last update; will MP1 be pushed back further or still be due September 10?   Particularly given Coursera still says "You should complete MP1 by Sunday, September 4 2022, 11:59pm (CDT)"   0   0   408   189 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 4 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago You can at least trust the new deadline is Sep 10. Coursera deadline has been extended to EOD Sep 10 too so disregard the statement "You should complete MP1 by Sunday, September 4 2022, 11:59pm (CDT)".  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/66   Will the deadline get extended again? I don't know. In the office hour, the prof said MP1 won't be too difficult. If LiveDataLab is 'really' released very soon, I believe it won't be impossible to complete by Sep 10. I'm more concerned about MP2 deadline.    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Me too i think 1 should be ok as its mostly setup but am concerned about assignment 2 since i was hoping to already be working on it as i am travelling for work later this month. Hopefully they add some more flexibility based on the delay.    Reply
Yong Yang 19 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Question about gamma encoding #88 Quiz 2 For Quiz questions of Week2. What is the Gamma Encoding of 9? The answer given is 1110001   Explanation :  1 +floor(log( 9 )) =  4 , which can be represented as  1110  in unary code.  9  –  2 ^(floor(log( 9 ))) =  1 , which can be represented as  001  in a uniform code with  3  bits. The gamma code is the concatenation of the unary and uniform codes.    I understand the first part of unary code, but for the second part 9 – 2^(floor(log(9))) = 1,  I understand 1 it should be represented as 1 in a uniform code. but why 3 bits?  could it be 1 single bit, 2 bits etc?   My conceived answers of gamma ecoding of 9 could be any of below: 11101.  <<< single bit of 1 as uniform 111001  <<< 2 bits of 1 = 01 as uniform 1110001 <<< 3 bits of 1=001 as uniform   could you explain how the length is decided?   1   0   487   185 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  2 months ago  Here is my understanding. Hope it helps!    Reply 1 Ethan Howes 68 answered this  question  3 months ago The reason we need three bits is because 1+floor(log(x)) can equal 4 for a few values of x. Namely, x = 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, or 15. That means the second gamma encoding part should be able to distinguish between these eight values (since they will all start with 1110). You need 3 binary digits to represent 8 different values. Hence the 001 for 9.    Reply 1 Kishore Iyer 20 answered this  question  3 months ago When encoding the second part, you have to use N bits where N is the largest integer such that 2^N is less than or equal to the original number.    Reply 0 Asmita Chihnara 106 answered this  question  3 months ago In the lecture on gamma encoding(lecture 2.5), it is specifically mentioned, you should use floor(log(x)) bits to represent the uniform encoding part. So, it should be 3 bits for uniform encoding part, not 1 or 2.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Use of ChatGPT for the project #90 Project I'd like to get clarification on the usage of ChatGPT: in the office hour last week, the professor said we can use any NLP technologies (for example, Transformer, BERT, GPT) whether they are taught in the course or not. But if we can just use ChatGPT (which is a web-based app based upon GPT) via API, wouldn't the task be too easy? If that's really permitted, the project is going to be all about (1) paying for ChatGPT API and (2) passing dialogue to the API although we still get to design the novel system. I'd like to get official clarification on what will be permitted and what will not.   2   2   333   173 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Programming with ChatGPT is allowed but we will also evaluate your project based on your efforts.    Reply
Anjali J 143 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Still not working for me :Is the LiveDataLab fixed now? #83 #91 Programming Assignment 1 Hello ,   I am checking my LiveDataLab and still not up for me ,I am trying to read all updates in campus wire to stay up to date on this However want recheck is it up ? and are we going to get one more extension in submission dates for this assignment or 10th Sep will be the last date for submission.   As I am bit nervous with my MP1.Don't want to miss deadlines.     6   0   314   160 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 5 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago use this link to access the livedatalab:  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/login    Reply Student answers Best 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago LiveDataLab isn't accessible for me either.   And +1 to another extension.    Reply 0 Ben Jones 10 answered this  question  3 months ago same    Reply 0 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  3 months ago Same here    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Himangshu Das 228 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved What is  #95 Programming Assignment 1 When I log into livedatalab, I see two projects,  MP1  and  cs410_MP1 . I believe we need to work on MP1, what is the other project  cs410_MP1  for, do we need it?     0   0   204   129 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Its pointing to the same repo so can ignore cs410_mp1 probably    Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago Go for MP1    Reply
Shao-Min Yeh 305 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Windows hash error on metapy download #96 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, I'm seeing a similar issue to this post  https://forum.meta-toolkit.org/t/macos-make-error/718  (although I'm on windows):   I already tried on a conda environment with python version 3.5 plus tried using --no-cache-dir with the metapy download; however, I still see this error   1   0   220   125 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Shao-Min Yeh 305 answered this  question  3 months ago This post solved it  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/98  (tl;dr, I messed up making my conda environment and it wasn't using python 3.5 in that env)    Reply
Mridul Ghanshala 154 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Forking creates a public repo  #97 Programming Assignment 1 Hey so i followed the steps in  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvbPBaRCIn6wa4idSJw8dRhZVzLW2Xt-4W_LtORO_zM/edit?usp=sharing   However if i do that it will create a public fork. This would expose our solution out. The team might need to update that doc.   1   0   513   206 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks for the correction, I will update this in the doc. Please create private fork as the pdf in course website    Reply Student answers Best 1 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago I found the instructions on the Coursera page on setting up LiveDataLab (Week 1 -> Programming Assignments Overview, link:  https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs-410/supplement/irzBO/programming-assignments-overview ) much easier to understand, and they answer the private/public issue quite nicely   1 reply  Reply Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 3 months ago The latest instruction specifically told to fork MP1. I think that's the cause of confusion.   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago (edited) The instructions I linked end up creating a fork with a webhook into LiveDataLab, but in a private repo.   I followed those instructions to set up the repo, did the MP, and pushed to my (private) GitHub repo, and the grade successfully reflected in LiveDataLab and Coursera, so I recommend using the setup link I included.   For accuracy's sake, I'm referring to the "mp setup.docx" (direct link:  https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/wpBeUpALTruQXlKQCx67EQ_e8d6e5e5963d4438b1ace359c0c775f1_mp-setup-final.pdf?Expires=1693958400&Signature=KDAOGwYru-BQEBJrnNh6de0Chvtl2ILdHcTnjJyEc-qkY7WyCpkYP3dofufbNCF8Hsk7OUtsHxgeCID8ntlx5~GqaCL6x20XEupcdQiKFinbrvAuzgmqK4ShHByKqmR7jFYgLi-PDCA8rHGrxNCTfNnBKom~n1qTwVCeKVe1IZM_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A ).   1 reply  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago yeah the "bare" fork should fix it   1 reply  Reply Mitchell Kopczyk 123 3 months ago Thanks Christian! Followed your strategy for submission and was able to get it completed and graded.    Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago +1 I was just going to post the same     Reply 0 Himangshu Das 228 answered this  question  3 months ago I was wondering the same. +1 to this question.    Reply
Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 posted a  note  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone How I set up metapy (Windows 11/Anaconda/VSCode/Jupyter Notebook) #98 General I'd like to share how I set up metapy in my environment. I have Anaconda in Windows 11 and want to use VS Code and Jupyter Notebook. I ended up using VS Code for MP1 (so I didn't really use Jupyter this time). I've already finished MP1 and got 100% (so I can at least say this worked for me, right?) I hope this helps!     Open Anaconda Prompt   Check your python version for (base)     (base)  C :\Users\s0913>python  --version  Python  3.9 .13       Create a new virtual environment (cs410)     (base)  C :\Users\s0913>conda deactivate  C :\Users\s0913>conda create -n cs410  C :\Users\s0913>conda activate cs410 (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913> (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>python  --version  Python  3.11 .4       Downgrade Python in (cs410) to 3.5     (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>conda install python= 3.5  (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>python  --version  Python  3.5 .6  :: Anaconda, Inc.      2 Get out of (cs410) and make sure Python for (base) wasn't affected     (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>conda deactivate (base)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>python  --version  Python  3.9 .13  (base)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>deactivate  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>python  --version  Python  3.11 .4   C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>conda activate cs410 (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>python  --version  Python  3.5 .6  :: Anaconda, Inc. (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>      3 Install metapy within (cs410)     (cs410) C:\Users\s0913>pip install metapy pytoml DEPRECATION: Python  3.5  reached the end  of  its life on September  13 th,  2020.  Please upgrade your Python  as  Python  3.5  is no longer maintained. pip  21.0  will drop support for Python  3.5   in  January  2021.  pip  21.0  will remove support for this functionality. Collecting metapy   Downloading metapy -0.2 .13 -cp35-cp35m-win_amd64.whl ( 14.2  MB)      |################################|  14.2  MB  6.4  MB/s Collecting pytoml   Downloading pytoml -0.1 .21 -py2.py3-none-any.whl ( 8.5  kB) Installing collected packages: pytoml, metapy Successfully installed metapy -0.2 .13  pytoml -0.1 .21       [Optional] To set up Jupyter Notebook, install ipykernel while you're in (cs410)     (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>pip install ipykernel (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>pip install  --upgrade jupyter-client==6.1.12  (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913>ipython kernel install  --user --name=cs410       [Optional] Launch Jupyter Notebook and you can select the new kernel cs410      For VS Code, open a .py file and press Ctrl+Shift+P, type "Python: Select Interpreter" and you can select the virtual environment        20   9   673   190 Comments Sep 4th, 4:26 pm Shao-Min Yeh 305 (edited) Just wanting to +1 this, this worked for me   Sep 4th, 5:48 pm John Biggan 0 Worked for me as well. Thanks!   Sep 5th, 3:05 pm Luke Freitag 0 Thanks this worked for me   Sep 5th, 7:13 pm kumarswamy valegerepura 32 This is excellent post. Thanks @kazuhei.sasaki,   Sep 6th, 1:23 am Payel Chakraborty 117 This has been extremely helpful, thanks  @Kazuhei Sasaki   Sep 6th, 7:03 am Joanna Huang 14 what version of anaconda are you running?   Sep 7th, 1:18 am Thank you, this worked for me.   Read by Warren, Shihab, Vijay, Arindam, Eric and 56 others Sep 8th, 3:10 pm Yi Yang 19 Thanks！！   Sep 10th, 12:10 pm Manuel Suarez Lunar 78 Thanks - this worked for me!   Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Mersim Rizmani 72 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Issues With MetaPy Install Mac M1 Pro #99 Programming Assignment 1 Has anyone with a MacBook with a silicon chip encountered this error with their MetaPy setup ?     1   6   487   186 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Himangshu Das 228 answered this  question  3 months ago Here're my  instructions  for installing it in M1 macs -  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/75 . Hope it helps.   1 reply  Reply Mersim Rizmani 72 3 months ago I get this error after following these instructions also.    Reply 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago I had this error before too. I would just make sure that your program is referencing your conda environment. If it is and still giving problems, ensure that the environment is using python 3.7 or lower (to meet requirements for downloading the package).   The pinned post about installed Meta helped me resolve this issue. Hope this helps!   1 reply  Reply Mersim Rizmani 72 3 months ago Thanks Matt!   It looks like I got a successful installation for metapy, but the code itself still doesn't recognize it. How do I make sure that my program is referencing my conda environment?     2 replies  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago Open up the command palette (ctr + shift + P) and make sure the python interpreter is referencing the conda environment. It should work then!   1 reply  Reply Mersim Rizmani 72 3 months ago Yea for some reason VSCode doesn't recognize that conda environment as it doesn't show up in the interpreter list   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago The only thing I can think of is if vs code was open before you created the conda environment. Then you should restart your VS Code and see if the Python interpreter list updates with the conda environment. If this does not work, I’m not sure of the fix as I didn’t have further issues. Hope it’s a quick fix though!   2 replies  Reply Mersim Rizmani 72 3 months ago (edited) Thanks again for your help Matt, this is currently what it's saying about my Python 2.7 virtual env interpreter:   and this only happens with the Python 2.7 setup. But if I try Python 3.5 or 3.7 I get the original error above.      Reply Mersim Rizmani 72 3 months ago Finally fixed it, just had to downgrade my Python extension version to a 2022 release as they no longer have support for Python 2.7 in the latest.   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago Ah okay, glad it’s working for you now!   Riley Mete 28 3 months ago After setting my conda environment I ran into an issue where it didn't recognise the metapy download. To get passed this part I added these lines of code:   import  subprocess  import  sys   def   install ( package ):     subprocess.check_call([sys.executable,  "-m" ,  "pip" ,  "install" , package])   # in the beginning of the main, install then download   # Since the conda env is set to the correct version, it should install using that version   if  __name__ ==  '__main__' :     install( 'metapy' )      import  metapy     Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Coursea Grade Update MP1 #100 Programming Assignment 1 I am able to see a score of 1 in the leaderboard in LiveData but MP1 still shows as uncompleted in Coursera, how long will it take to update?   0   1   303   144 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago To me it was instant.. refresh (Ctrl+F5) Coursera maybe?   1 reply  Reply tg tangerine-giraffe-17 3 months ago (edited) How long did it take for it to show on the leaderboard? I have a warning under my webhook of GIT so not sure if I used the wrong link or not.   1 reply  Reply Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 3 months ago Instantly on both the leaderboard and Coursera. you sure webhook is configured properly in Github? you have to use the right address provided in the latest Google doc.    Reply 0 Ethan Shen 41 answered this  question  3 months ago Running into the same issue... I see a 1 in LiveData but nothing on Coursera..    Reply 0 Himangshu Das 228 answered this  question  3 months ago My grades showed immediately after I pushed my changes to git.    Reply
Andrew Chiang 708 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Setting up Pycharm #101 Programming Assignment 1 Hello all,   If anyone is trying to setup MP1 with Pycharm, here are the steps I did to successfully set it up.       Refer to this post to setup virtual environment using Anaconda:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/98       Click on Create New Project       Give your project a name and location.       In the Interpreter section, click "Add Interpreter" and then click "Add Local Interpreter..."       A new window should pop up, click on Conda Environment from the left sidebar.       Select "Use existing environment" and select the name of the virtual environment you made       Click OK to create/use the Conda environment.       Press APPLY and OK and you are done!       4   0   198   124 Answers Comments Answer  this question No answers yet Click the button above to post an answer
Himangshu Das 228 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Chrome extension for MP2.1 #102 General I downloaded the chrome extension from  here  as per the instructiosn in  here . But when I load the extension on my chrome I don't see an option to  Create Account  like it says in the instructions. The screenshot on the instructions shows this -     The options I see is like this -    Am I doing anything wrong? Is there any other way to create the account directly?   0   0   205   120 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago MP2.1 is currently hidden since it point to an older version previously, refer to post#112.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Andrew Chiang 708 answered this  question  3 months ago I am also experiencing this issue and also using a VPN.   The link redirects to here, which doesn't work:  http://timan.cs.illinois.edu:4000/   I noticed if you go to this link:  https://timan.cs.illinois.edu/ir/project.html   The CDL link is there but it directs you to here, which is where we submit our extra credit:  https://textdata.org/about   Maybe the extension and instructions are outdated and we have to use the extension and website that we use for the Extra Credit?    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago I created an account on the website and then logged in via the extension   1 reply  Reply Riley Mete 28 3 months ago Were you able to join the CS410 DL community? If so, where do we find the community key?   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Hmm so I actually can't access the Google Doc documents for MP2.2 from my  illinois.edu  address. My comment was about the Extra Credit digital library. The join key for that is ""c9f39ac4-6d81-4fd3-ab06-f27bd5d6c7b2" (posted in one of the notes)    Reply
Aashish Anand 429 posted a  note  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Mirror Push: Fixing the repo not found issue #103 Programming Assignment 1 Hello everyone.   This note is for those of you who created a bare clone of the public MP1 repo.   If you already created a private repository on GitHub for MP1 and attempted to mirror-push the bare clone MP1 repo to your private repo, but got the "repository not found error", this is what you can do:   Change the repo url  from  https://github.com/ [your GitHub username]/MP1_private to https://[personal-access-token]@github.com/[your GitHub username]/MP1_private.   1   0   265   132 Comments No one's commented here... yet Be a maverick and get the conversation going Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anna Kathryn Otte 314 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Trouble Connecting to LiveDataLab #108 Programming Assignment 1 Hi all,   I've seen posts that LiveDataLab and MP1 are working now, but I get timeout errors when trying to register. As of evening 9/4, I still can't  access  http://livedatalab.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/  to register, and I've checked all of my network settings. Any suggestions for how to get the website working for registration?   Thanks!   0   1   248   142 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago use this link  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/   1 reply  Reply Anna Kathryn Otte 314 3 months ago Thank you! This link worked, and I was able to register.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago Information on Coursera is old. As TA says, go to his post and follow the instructions.  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/92    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Riley Mete 28 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP2.1 The Community Digital Library Extension does not appear to be working #110 General Hi all, I installed the Community Digital Library extension from two different locations; however, neither of them appear to work.   Extension 1:   • Installed from here:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aIUcHba2s2ZDhm8bnzHPMzUwRN2-mZuq/view?usp=sharing   Using this extension I can't see to log into my account:    Clicking the link takes me to:  http://timan.cs.illinois.edu:4000/   Extension 2   Installed from here:  https://textdata.org/about   I created an account but am unable to select a community:    Has anyone else ran into these issues/knows how to resolve them?   0   0   247   124 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Kevin Ros answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Hey Riley,   Please see my answer here:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/112   To give you some context, the extension you downloaded in Extension 1 was actually from last year, which is why it doesn't work properly.   Looks like you got Extension 2 (the correct version) installed correctly, but you'll need to join the CS410 community to see it when making a submission, and the directions for that can be found here:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/42 .   Sorry for the confusion! -Kevin    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Christian Opperman 840 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP2.1/2.2 Google Drive links #112 General Has anyone been able to open the Google Drive/Google Doc links with information about MP2?   I can access the Overview of CS410 MP2 ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nUQn_-FFaw2011HMvh6LKyQCEQSsW7ML17ikgr9tc24/edit ), but the MP2.1 specifics ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ap2b56GMmioBOhZWCcopuHTxVdKmk20E4e6VcleZlSo/edit?usp=sharing ) give me Access Denied.   I've already set up my  illinois.edu  account to have access to Google Apps, so that's not the issue.   0   0   264   134 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Kevin Ros answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Hi everyone,   Apologies for the confusion! My name is Kevin, and I am one of the students who helps maintain the CDL. It looks like there was some slight misunderstanding regarding MP2.1's assignment description, as it was pointing to an old version of the CDL/MP2.1. I'll work with Dr. Zhai to fix this ASAP and we'll hopefully have the new description released sometime tomorrow evening.   Again, apologies for the delay! -Kevin   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Thanks Kevin - does that mean that the Google Docs have been taken down, which would explain the access message?   Thanks!   1 reply  Reply Kevin Ros 3 months ago Yes exactly - I noticed that they were being used and I revoked the general access to stop any further confusion.   2 replies  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Perfect, that explains it! Thank you :D    Reply Himangshu Das 228 3 months ago That makes sense, I was able to access it during the day today. I can't access anymore.    Reply Student answers Best 0 Aashish Anand 429 answered this  question  3 months ago Hi, Christian. I have exactly the same issue regarding the Google Doc for the specifics of MP2.1.    Reply
Colton Bailey 170 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Troubles installing MetaPy Apple Silicon #113 Programming Assignment 1 Hello all, similar to others, I have been having troubles getting MetaPy installed on my M1 Macbook. Below are some screenshots of what I am seeing, hopefully someone has seen something similar and found a solution?      0   0   378   155 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Christine Zhou 216 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Here is the solution on how to install Matapy in MacOS : Go to my terminal: conda create -n CS410 conda activate CS410 conda config --env --set subdir osx-64 conda install python=3.7 pip install metapy Installing collected packages: metapy Successfully installed metapy-0.2.13   1 reply  Reply Colton Bailey 170 3 months ago I still receive the same errors after doing those steps    Reply 0 Colton Bailey 170 answered this  question  3 months ago Was able to resolve this on my work machine (also Apple Silicon using Christine's recommendation)    Reply 0 Himangshu Das 228 answered this  question  3 months ago I also had the same issue, you can use the instruction from my post  here .    Reply 0 Kiyotaka Kokubun 21 answered this  question  3 months ago #75   1 reply  Reply Colton Bailey 170 3 months ago I had tried that earlier, to no avail   1 reply  Reply Kiyotaka Kokubun 21 3 months ago Did you run  conda activate  command? it looks your environment is still base in the screenshot.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Tim Crosling 234 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Submission not showing up in livedatalab? #118 Programming Assignment 1 Hello,   I have git add, commit and pushed my MP1 submission ... but it is not showing up in Livedatalab.  I followed the setup instructions to the letter; but under projects I don't see the submission:     Has anyone had this issue?   1   0   250   149 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 4 Tim Crosling 234 answered this  question  3 months ago I figured it out - the setup instructions have an incorrect webhook URL.   You need to use the following URL for the webhook (including the number "23"):   http://livedatalab 23 .centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger   1 reply  Reply ce cyan-emperor-36 3 months ago Can I ask what setup instructions you're using? I'm using the Google Docs given by the TA and the webhook URL is correct there.   1 reply  Reply Shao-Min Yeh 305 3 months ago I think he was using the doc in the "programming assignments overview" page    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Payel Chakraborty 117 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP setup issue #121 Programming Assignment 1 I followed the MP setup steps in  https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/wpBeUpALTruQXlKQCx67EQ_e8d6e5e5963d4438b1ace359c0c775f1_mp-setup-final.pdf?Expires=1694044800&Signature=PcbKNKs~flAApspIAkhkgsq9Ng6xLxhyjuvM~hyIMYEySquJVvZovzM0G31jXdCah0FoJLqebmooQdW5k6mfqJOyMu0UrSeIVpHxMmAHqsfPfC9uUL69NKG3ELrhGTGx5bDNakBXJg3Cg~kneVEMB3tyfLPxbDO9Wd8uEEI0Qos_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A   And then followed steps till Step 5. On Step 6, I am confused as to where to run "git clone --bare ,git url> command. This is the first time I am using GIT environment, so any help would be really appreciated.   1   0   307   153 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Payel Chakraborty 117 answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks so much, Mridul and Christian! This has worked now. Just one quick question step 9 should be "rm -rf MP1" or "rm -rf MP1.git"?   1 reply  Reply Shan Huang 371 3 months ago it should be rm -rf MP1.git    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Make sure you have git on wherever your system.  A quick google should help u get it. You can check by typing “git” in your terminal it will show u what commands are available if its installed    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago Git commands are (usually) run from the Command Line/Terminal. This git tutorial may help:  https://www.w3schools.com/git/default.asp    Reply
Matt Macrides 863 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Coursera not Updating with MP1 Grade #122 Programming Assignment 1 Do we know how long it will take Coursera to update our MP grades. I was able to finish MP1 and received the successful message but just wanted to know if it was possible to see this reflected in the official grade book yet. Thanks!   0   0   269   137 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks Matt for sharing the solution!   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago Of course!    Reply Student answers Best 2 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Here was my solution (if anyone also has the same problem as me): delete all MP1 files locally and on my Github repo (I saved my lines of code in Notes), create a new account with my same email, and follow all steps again but make sure to complete step 2 in the MP instructions ("Open Tool/Launch App button"). I passed through this step the first time which is why Coursera is not linked. Hope this helps!    Reply 1 Gilberto Ramirez 46 answered this  question  3 months ago In my case, it took less than a minute after I saw the submission log entry ending in  Finished: SUCCESS . I just refreshed the Coursera Grades page showing 100% completion for MP1.   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago Okay I will check back in a little. Mine still isn’t graded. Thanks though!    Reply 0 Chuching Ho 428 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Did you click the launch app button in Coursera? Mine is reflected in Coursera pretty instant.    Reply 0 Ehsan Sarfaraz 317 answered this  question  3 months ago It updated my coursera MP1 grade after my submission.    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Almost instantaneous for me too    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Number of MPs to complete #124 General In the Coursera MPs section, it says to Complete 6 or more, the highest 6 scores will be used.   Does it mean that the 7th is optional? Or all MPs need to be completed?   Similar question for the Quizzes.   0   0   186   123 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago We only have MP1, MP2 (3 parts now as in  #119 ), and MP3. All MPs are required.   All quizzes are also required.   1 reply  Reply if indigo-fly-83 3 months ago Is the lowest MP score still dropped as previously suggested in the syllabus ?   1 reply  Reply Yuxiang Liu 3 months ago Previously there were 6 MPs and the highest 6 will be used, which means all MP scores are taken into account, so all MPs are required. Right now we have 5 MPs, and all 5 of them are required.    Reply
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Dave Pankros 323 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved LDL Inaccessible Again? #126 Programming Assignment 1 Am I crazy or is LiveDataLab inaccessible for others now?  People have obviously gotten in but it seems to be down (again).  Did the URL change or something and I missed it?     0   0   203   120 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Try this link to access the livedatalab:  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/login   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Thank you!   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago No problem!    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Number of team members and grading expectations #128 Project Hello,   From the instructions, it seems as though it is ok to do the final project by ourselves as a "team" of 1. Does the projected workload of 20+ hours hold true in this case, or if the average group size is 3, then should someone working by themselves expect to do 60+ hours on the project? Basically, are project expectations regarding output/quantity/coverage/detail/etc. graded with the number of team members in mind or the same regardless of whether a project has 1 or 5 team members?   Thanks!   1   0   195   133 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Workload of around 20 hours is expected for a student, so we will have different expectations for groups with different numbers of memebers. When we grade, we will consider the group size.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Webhook not working #129 Programming Assignment 1 For some reason the web hook won't work with URL I found in the instructions.  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger     2   0   407   181 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago check if you use ' github.com ' when linking the account   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago He means.  No caps.   With the help of ruike zhu, I got it to work.  Make sure  github.com  is not capitalized.  E.g. not  GitHub.com .  My Mac autocorrected it with the capitals and it fails that way, works when all lower case.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Looks like, for me, LiveDataLab is throwing a 401 back to GitHub with the following headers:   Content -Length:  24   Content -Type: text/html; charset=utf- 8   Date : Tue,  05  Sep  2023   18 : 38 : 09  GMT  Server : nginx/ 1 . 25 . 2     Body   Github account not found     My GitHub username is not the same as my LDL username.  For those who this hasn't worked, is your username the same on both sites?   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago Yes they are   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Check the webhook response and see what the real error is.  I show it in another part of this thread.   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago Mine is a bit different,    1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago (edited) Check your webhook URL in GitHub.  It's probably wrong.  Use the URL in the original message:   http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago That got ride of the error but now I'm getting the same error as you now    4 replies  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Ensure your GitHub username is correct in LDL.  Other than that bit of advice, that is where I'm stuck too so I can't assist further.   I fear I'll have to create a new GH account, which is exactly what I don't want.   Alex Che 220 3 months ago I'm assuming that I have the correct usernames in both, but just to double check...is this username setup correct?     Christine Zhou 216 3 months ago (edited) I also get the same error: Github account not found... How do you fix this problem ?    Alex Che 220 3 months ago @Christine Zhou   Yes! I fixed the problem by making sure the Linked Account address are all lower case.  ( github.com  will work) ( GitHub.com  will not)   1 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  3 months ago I'm having the similar problem setting up Webhook as well. Already linked token in DataLab and showing 'Never Used'   1 reply  Reply yj yellow-jaguar-16 3 months ago is projects you've started or classes you're in working for you?   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago I haven't started anything yet (Still in the setting up stage), but I do have the same error as you do from the screenshots above.   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago  Error from my end^    Reply 0 Shuhong Zheng 50 answered this  question  3 months ago I also come across this issue. For me, the solution is to regenerate a personal access token that  only clicks "repo" . Just post here in case someone met the same problem    Reply 0 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  3 months ago Just got it fixed on my end.  #145    Reply 0 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  3 months ago Did you linked your github account to the live Data Lab? See  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvbPBaRCIn6wa4idSJw8dRhZVzLW2Xt-4W_LtORO_zM/edit   1 reply  Reply yj yellow-jaguar-16 3 months ago It isn't showing up in the projects you've started area either so something must be off, but I did link it according to the instructions   2 replies  Reply yj yellow-jaguar-16 3 months ago My Token that I made also says that it has never been used even though I put it in to the LiveDataLab thing to link the account   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago (edited) I'm guessing the process is this (forgive the ASCII sequence diagram):   user(you)        github              LDL    | -checkin------> |                    |    |                 | ---- webhook-----> |    |                 |                    | -- looks up user by GH username --+. <<-- #1     |                 |                    | <---------------------------------+     |                 | <-fetch user repo- |    <<-- uses token for auth header to github     |                 | ----------repo---> |    |                 |                    | -- run and validate--+     |                 |                    | <--------------------+    It makes sense that it's never used because it's failing at  #1  for you (and me).  The access token would be used in the next step.    Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago This is the same for me.  Is your GH username the same as your LDL username?  Mine isn't and I'm wondering if that's the issue.   1 reply  Reply yj yellow-jaguar-16 3 months ago Yea mine aren't the same   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago (edited) Can you see why yours failed?  In your repo settings:    In this case, that should be the LDL endpoint saying  Github account not found  and so I'm wondering if it's checking the LDL username instead of what we entered for GitHub.   1 reply  Reply yj yellow-jaguar-16 3 months ago I have the same message   1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Check the fix in the thread.  
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved In what scenario would one need to keep sentence boundaries vs disabling them? #131 Programming Assignment 1 Title   0   0   189   109 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Keeping sentence boundaries intact or disabling them can have different implications, depending on the specific use case.   For example, in machine translation, translating individual sentences usually yields better results than translating paragraphs or blocks of text, as the context within a sentence is often self-contained. In this case, we will keep sentence boundaries to get better performance.   However, in text generation, when generating text, you might not always want to adhere strictly to sentence boundaries to allow for more fluid and creative text composition. In this case, it is better to disable sentence boundaries.    Reply Student answers Best 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) If you're training a language model you need them (sometimes you need multiple  <s> <s> ).  Really, any time you want to differentiate sentences from just a bag of words you'd need them.  In this class, in the searching examples the BoW representation works so we don't need the boundaries for that.  In contrast, If you have a trained language model and were trying to generate text, for example, you need to know what are likely words that start a sentence.  P( w |  <s> ) for all w in your vocabulary would give you that in a bi-gram.  Then you'd repeat for the next work and the next. Make sense?</s></s></s>    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Coursera Not Connecting to LiveDataLab #133 Programming Assignment 1 Hi!   I had submitted the HW1 a few times in LiveDataLab ![image.png], last one was last night:    As of now, the Coursera MP is still unable to get the grades connected (I have seen other posts mentioning it takes minutes, in my case its been 12 hours):    By any chance I am missing a Linked account between Coursera and liveDataLab? Thank you!   1   3   272   128 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Hannah Benig 59 answered this  question  3 months ago I am running into the same issue. I asked Professor Zhai during office hours today and he said that as long as LiveDataLab shows 1 in the leaderboard and you get the success message you will receive credit. Send a message directly to the Instructors and TAs (theres an option for that when you create a new post) with screenshots of the completion page and submission log and they can update grades manually.    Reply 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Hello, I had the exact same issue too. Here was the solution for me: delete all MP1 files locally and on Github repo (I saved my lines of code in Notes), create a new account with my same edu email, and follow all steps again but make sure that to complete step 2 in the MP instructions ("Open Tool/Launch App button"). I passed through this step the first time which is why Coursera is not linked. Hope this helps!    Reply 1 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago My live data submission is green when it is a success. Is it green for you?   1 reply  Reply yc yellow-chinook-61 3 months ago Hi! yes its green with sccuess:      1 reply  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago Ahmm it should pick it up in that case    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Also try linking livedata to ur github again and see if the key is used   1 reply  Reply yc yellow-chinook-61 3 months ago I linked it a few times already, github has no problem getting the connection, only Coursera    1 reply  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago Did it work for you?   1 reply  Reply yc yellow-chinook-61 3 months ago Hi! No, so I followed the suggestion from Hannah above and sent the instructor and TA a post, waiting to hear back at the moment.   1 reply  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago great gl    Reply
Abrielle Agron 2 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 No logs available yet #134 Programming Assignment 1 Hello,   I was able to successfully complete MP1 and get a score on LiveDataLab and Coursera yesterday with a public repository. Today,  I saw the notes about the need for a private repository, so I deleted my old repository and am trying again. I was able to get everything working and setup, and am using the exact same code as before, but now my submissions on LiveDataLab are failing with the message "No logs available yet. Your build may still be starting up." I tried waiting for a few minutes before clicking and that did not help. Any suggestions?   0   0   408   162 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  3 months ago I’m getting the same exact message as well , looking for answer    Reply 0 Avinash Pathak 15 answered this  question  3 months ago As mentioned by Danmeng use the correct webhook trigger link. Once you push your code, you should see green tick next to webhook url in github.     Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago I've been through the same process where I submitted with public repo and then switched to private repo. But I had no issue and get the same grades. I wonder if your webhook in private repo is set up correctly. The link should be  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger    Reply 0 Aashish Anand 429 answered this  question  3 months ago I am also getting the exact same message in the LiveDataLab submission logs as you. I am not exactly sure why it fails on private GitHub repositories and not public ones.   1 reply  Reply Umesh Kumar 5 3 months ago I am having same issue with Status "FAILURE" and Log  "No logs available yet. Your build may still be starting up.". Webhook push shows success for me. Any suggestion?   2 replies  Reply Nishit Samarth 54 3 months ago Did you find a solution? I have the same problem    Reply Aashish Anand 429 3 months ago Have you regenerated your GitHub personal access token at any moment while working on MP1?   1 reply  Reply Umesh Kumar 5 3 months ago I have generated the token and linked my personal Github account to LiveDataLab. Also Webhook push shows success after commit.  It still shows No Log...  error.   1 reply  Reply Umesh Kumar 5 3 months ago I had one file livedatalab_config.json missing. When I added it to repo, it worked.   2 replies  Reply Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago I have checked everything mentioned in the comments above. I am still getting Failure. Any other suggestions? Is there a way for me to know if this is config issue or bug in my code.    2 replies  Reply Yifan Zhang 20 3 months ago I am getting the same issue here as well.   Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago I was able to resolve this. I am using Git app to push my code, and that account had a different ID. I fixed that and now it is working.   Yifan Zhang 20 3 months ago Thanks a lot for your help, it worked!!!   2 replies  Reply Shivani Mangaleswaran 4 3 months ago I'm facing the exact same issue. By different ID I'm assuming you mean the user name? I verified that my username is correct, but it still hangs without logging any error   Shivani Mangaleswaran 4 3 months ago Never mind. Turns out I created an incorrect API token. I generated a "Fine Grained Token (Beta)" instead of the "Token (Classic)". Caused a lot of confusion since the webhook deliveries all showed "successful" in github but failed on Livedata. Creating the right token and linking it to LiveData solved it for me  
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 submit code #135 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, I am new to github. There are two repositories in my github. Which repo should we modify  example.py  file. Furthermore, how can I push code to get a grade in LiveDataLab?     0   0   276   132 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) MP1_Private and make sure MP1_Prive webhook is set up correctly using this URL:  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger . Once you finish modifying  example.py  file. Use three steps: git add  example.py , git commit and git push to push the code.    Reply 2 Aashish Anand 429 answered this  question  3 months ago You should modify the  example.py  code in the MP1_private repo you created. Pushing code to get a grade on LiveDataLab requires a proper setup of the webhook for the private repository.   1 reply  Reply Ehsan Sarfaraz 317 3 months ago Thank you very much, that works! I thought I should write a command line in order to push code.    Reply
Alex Che 220 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Cannot Pip Install metapy pytoml #136 Programming Assignment 1 Hi everyone,   Has anyone encounter this problem while pip installing metapy pytoml on MacOS?    0   0   362   146 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago I had this error before too. I would just make sure that your program is referencing your conda environment. If it is and still giving problems, ensure that the environment is using python 3.7 or lower (to meet requirements for downloading the package).   The pinned post about installing Meta helped me resolve this issue. Hope this helps!    Reply 2 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Try this to install python 3.7   conda install -c anaconda python=3.7 conda create --name cs410 python=3.7 conda activate cs410    Reply 2 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago There have been a bunch of threads about this.  Basically, there are two issues:     Your python version may be off.  As Danmeng said, it should be 2.7 or 3.5.  I'm using 3.7 on my mbp and it is working; and   If you have an arm-based Mac (M1, M2, M3 if you're a time traveler), you need to run under Rosetta as there are no arm builds for metapy.     As Matt mentioned, it would be highly recommended to use conda, not the system python.   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago Hi Dave! Thank you so much for the suggestions, I'm currently using VSCode/System Python3.8. I've never used the conda environment before so I wonder if there's a way to switch from system Python to that or just switch the version I'm on right now?   2 replies  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago What OS?  You're definitely going to be unsuccessful on python 3.8.   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago I'm on Mac    Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Actually, nevermind, follow this to install conda:  https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html   If you're using a Mac, others have posted instructions.   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago Got it!! Thank you!    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago You can follow the steps in this  #43  post:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/43    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago Which version of python are you using? Make sure to use 2.7 or 3.5.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Has anyone been able to install meta on M1 laptop? #137 General Hi! I have not had any luck in getting a python <= 3.6 version environment to work in my M1 chip laptop.   I followed this post  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/35 , but either python 2.7 nor 3.5 is available in my conda:   Solving  environment:  unsuccessful attempt using repodata from current_repodata.json, retrying  with   next  repodata source. Collecting package metadata (repodata.json): done Solving  environment:  failed   PackagesNotFoundError:  The following packages are not available from current  channels:     - python= 2.7   Current  channels:     -  https: / /repo.anaconda.com/pkgs /main/osx -arm64   -  https: / /repo.anaconda.com/pkgs /main/noarch    -  https: / /repo.anaconda.com/pkgs /r/osx -arm64   -  https: / /repo.anaconda.com/pkgs /r/noarch     Would appreciate any insight on this, thank you! Alternatively, is it possible to provide a jupyter notebook or similar env that has the same env as the livedatalab?   0   0   268   124 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 A N 440 answered this  question  3 months ago The steps mentioned in  #43  are very helpful. One suggestion I would make is to use python 3.5 instead of 3.7 within the anaconda virtual environment, in order to achieve full parity with their grading method    Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago I have M1 chip and it need extra steps than what's mentioned in  #35 . I followed the steps in this  #43  post and it works like a charm.  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/43   1 reply  Reply yc yellow-chinook-61 3 months ago Thank you! Would you mind providing how you installed your conda (I did the bash install for arm64 arch) and what version of conda are you on? My conda simply does not have any python channel below python3.8.   1 reply  Reply Danmeng Zheng 1027 3 months ago I installed conda following this page:  https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/4.6.0/user-guide/install/macos.html . From your screenshot, your conda seems to be working fine. Did you get any error message when following along post43?   1 reply  Reply yc yellow-chinook-61 3 months ago Thanks so much Danmeng! :)  I got mostly  PackagesNotFoundError:  for different versions for python that are below 3.8, I tried with the page you linked for conda and got further!    Reply
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 Git push not available #140 Programming Assignment 1 I am not familiar gith github, but I was wondering what would be the case that I am having this error.   I git cloned the MP1 from my github. and tried to git push but I am keep getting this kind of error.     0   0   228   127 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Anthony Zhang 36 answered this  question  3 months ago Could you give a complete screenshot of the command line you have used?   1 reply  Reply bp blue-panda-11 3 months ago I first used git clone my repository to my vscode as shown below. and after changing  example.py , I commanded git push    1 reply  Reply Anthony Zhang 36 3 months ago (edited) CS410  is not the folder contain the mp code. Based on your screenshot, you should  cd MP1  and then  git add . ,  git commit -m "<input message here>" ,  git push  to push your modifications.   By the way, based on the instruction  here , we should name the repo as  MP1_private  not  MP1 .   1 reply  Reply Chang Hun Park 172 3 months ago Thanks for the info. However, I'm facing another issue like this. Do you know what else I can try?     Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Could you check if you are in the correct directory? You would need to navigate to the folder where there is  example.py  file.   1 reply  Reply Chang Hun Park 172 3 months ago I found that I need to access MP1 in the CS410. However, I'm still having the same issue.   1 reply  Reply Danmeng Zheng 1027 3 months ago before you enter git push, have you entered git add  example.py  and then git commit?    Reply
Sasin Gudipati 9 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Is Anyone getting this error?  #141 Programming Assignment 1   0   0   229   126 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago We really need to pin an accepted answer.    Reply 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Also make sure you are in your Conda environment when installing metapy.   1 reply  Reply Sasin Gudipati 9 3 months ago How do I do that?    Reply 1 xian chen 229 answered this  question  3 months ago you should change python version, for me 3.5.6 would work on that.   1 reply  Reply Sasin Gudipati 9 3 months ago Do you know how to do that? I installed python 3.5 but when I check it is 3.11   1 reply  Reply xian chen 229 3 months ago I'm using vscode, so there's a way to change Interpreter for python.    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago Which version of python are you using? Try using python 3.5 and it should work. If you are using MAC M1, follow the steps in  #43   and it will create an environment where you can install python 3.5.    Reply 0 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  3 months ago Had the same thing, just fixed it! You have to use Python 3.7 or lower.  #136    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved It takes a long time to conda install python on M1 Mac  #142 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, I have been in the process of installing the correct version of python for more than 30 minutes. I used the command:  conda install python=3.7 It has been showing "examining conflict" many times. Does anyone also have the same issue?   0   0   326   147 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  3 months ago I dont think you can install 3.7 version directly using conda because 3.7 is not supported not. I tried this for my mac   conda create -n CS410 conda activate CS410 conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.7  pip install metapy    1 reply  Reply Chuching Ho 428 3 months ago Thanks! I tried again and it worked.    Reply 0 Mitchell Kopczyk 123 answered this  question  3 months ago Have you tried executing the update command for conda first before using the install command? Are you getting stuck?    Reply
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved pip install metapy pytoml fails in python 2.7 and 3.5 (but works in 3.6) #143 Programming Assignment 1 Using a 64bit M1 Macbook   I'm using virtual environment to setup metapy with the following commands.     python3.5 -m venv myvenv   myvenv/bin/activate     The "pip install metapy pytoml" command fails when I run the virtual environment in python 3.5 or 2.7 (but works on 3.6)   Has anyone tried this?   Error below:    0   0   291   152 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Some students are using Python 3.7 and make it work. Does that work for you?   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago (edited) I used Python 3.6 and completed the assignment. I was not sure about it as the assignment said we should use Python 3.5 or 2.7.   I'm using pyenv to set my global python versions, but could only get metapy to install on Python 3.6  venv (I tried pip install metapy with venv for 2.7 and 3.5, both failed).   I'll write up what I did in a seperate thread. It's a way to setup the system without conda.   1 reply  Reply Yuxiang Liu 3 months ago Oh I see. Thank you!    Reply Student answers Best 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago On the M1 Macs you need to set your environment to osx-64 before installing python (after activating the environment).   The command for that is: conda config --env --set subdir osx-64   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago I'm using a virtual environment, not conda. I've tried this: $env /usr/bin/arch -<architecture> /bin/zsh --login   Switching the architecture did not help.   Thanks, Christian   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Ah sorry, missed that.   You can either try Rosetta - I believe others have gotten that to work.   That said - no reason you can't use Python 3.6, if you have it working.   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago It's working fine with Python 3.6. I'll post a thread on what I've done if others can benefit from it.   There are so many threads coming up on metapy installations.    Reply
Joanna Huang 14 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Windows: Cannot Pip Install metapy pytoml #144 Programming Assignment 1 I am on a windows device and receiving the same error mentioned regarding pip install metapy pytoml due to mismatching python versions. How have other people with windows devices been able to manage python versions? I have both 3.9 and 3.7 but am currently on 3.9   0   0   199   122 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago I wrote a step-by-step guide for Windows environment. It seems it workes for many poeple.  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/98    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago How are you managing your environments? Best practice would be to use conda or venv to isolate what version of Python/what packages are where. Simply installing a new Python version (3.5 or whatever) will not solve your issue    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Use some 3.5 version    Reply
Alex Che 220 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Webhooks Not Working #145 Programming Assignment 1 Hi all,   I'm having trouble connecting my Github to LiveData, from the GitHub page I kept getting 401 errors but I've checked that both usernames are the same on the 2 websites...Has anyone encounter something like this before?    0   0   233   138 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Mu-Chun Wang answered this  question  3 months ago Have you checked whether your username on the LiveDataLab is the same of your github name?   1 reply  Reply Alex Che 220 3 months ago Thank you for the fast response, yes I've checked, but here's the screenshot for both    1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago Delete your linked account and make sure GitHub is in all lower case.  That fixed it for me.   1 reply  Reply Christine Zhou 216 3 months ago Hi, I still have the same issue even my github is all in lower case..... How do you fix the error la ?      1 reply  Reply Dave Pankros 323 3 months ago (edited) On the request tab do you see something like (under payload):   {    "ref" :  "refs/heads/main" ,    "before" :  "ba67bb28d2d36433d7c0d746a3e2ba71d3f32772" ,    "after" :  "840b157559b6263740f6ea6f9b3bf515b27b3bc3" ,    "repository" : {     ...       "private" :  true ,      "owner" : {        "name" :  "christinec" ,         ...         "login" :  "christinec" ,         ...     Can you verify that it actually says christinec under  owner.name  and  owner.login ?   1 reply  Reply Christine Zhou 216 3 months ago Hi @Dave Pankros Thanks for your response. I just fixed the issue. I delete all the MP1_private I created before, ( delete personal access tokens, linked account) and follow the step again from the instruction below.. now it works, but I only got 0.5point... I don't know what else did I missing ???   https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvbPBaRCIn6wa4idSJw8dRhZVzLW2Xt-4W_LtORO_zM/edit    Reply Student answers Best 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago What URL are you using? It should be  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger    Reply 0 Alex Che 220 answered this  question  3 months ago Got it fixed! For anyone that has this problem, you have to make sure that the Host Domain is ' github.com ' NOT ' GitHub.com ' (Case Sensitive)    Reply
Woo Jeon 7 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Conda not working with pycharm #146 Programming Assignment 1 I followed the steps in  #43  to download python 3.5. Pycharm is showing it as unsupported. I'm using a Mac (intel processor). Anyone know how to fix this? I might try VS Code if pycharm doesn't work out..    0   0   211   122 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Woo Jeon 7 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) I fixed it, kind of. If anyone else is having the same problem, just create a new project using conda then copy the files over to the new project directory.    Reply 0 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago Its fine it works fine. Says the same for me   1 reply  Reply Woo Jeon 7 3 months ago It doesn't work when I try to run the .py file. It opens a window saying I need to select a valid python interpreter   1 reply  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago When u save it still? That just means u havent selected the interpreter    Reply
Chuching Ho 428 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved M1 Mac pip install metapy failed #147 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, I followed the post  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/43  and successfully installed python 3.7. However,  pip install metapy still failed. Anyone knows how to fix the issue?     0   0   252   137 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Based on the look of your command prompt, you didn't run  conda activate CS410 .  Do that and retry.  If you run  python --version  you're probably not running 3.7 in that terminal window because that environment isn't active .   1 reply  Reply Chuching Ho 428 3 months ago (edited) Thank you for the reply. You are right I was not running 3.7.    Reply 0 Chuching Ho 428 answered this  question  3 months ago nvm, I shut down my terminal and start over to conda create and activate then the issue resolved.    Reply
Sasin Gudipati 9 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Still getting this metapy error. Intel Mac #148 Programming Assignment 1   0   2   297   129 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Could you please try different versions of python? Some students found python 3.7 works, while some others found python 3.6 or python 3.5 works. There are many posts, such as  #143 .    Reply Student answers Best 0 Yiting Zhao 142 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) The commands in this thread  #43  works for me.    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) There are a ton of threads on this already - check out  #136   1 reply  Reply Sasin Gudipati 9 3 months ago Yea I've tried all these threads and still am getting the same error. I have python 3.7 as most people have had the main issues with. I am on my environment as you can see with (CS410) before my username.   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Have you tried installing a different version of Python in your virtual environment?   1 reply  Reply Sasin Gudipati 9 3 months ago Yea Tried both 3.5 and 3.7   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Definitely think it’s an architecture thing - I had no problems with Python 3.7 and setting my architecture to osx-64 using conda   Conda is pretty lightweight - maybe give that a try?   1 reply  Reply Sasin Gudipati 9 3 months ago Yea I am trying on Conda 23.7.2. This is where the error is happening.   1 reply  Reply Christian Opperman 840 3 months ago Can you share exactly what commands you ran, from initializing the environment to the error?  
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Mohammad Tamim 264 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved What Am I Doing Wrong? #150 Programming Assignment 1 I've been attempting to submit the  example.py  file, but I keep encountering a 'FAILURE' status. Unlike others, I've never seen a 'SUCCESS' status in my submissions. Can anyone help?   1   0   297   158 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  3 months ago Issue Resolved: I managed to fix the problem. It turns out there was an issue with the files in my repository. The files in the mirror were deleted from my repository. To resolve this, I cloned the repository again and used GitHub Desktop to push the ' example.py ' file. GitHub Desktop doesn't delete the mirror files after the push. Everything is working as expected now.    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago Could be multiple reasons. 1. is your github link to livedatalab correctly? Host domain username should be same as your github username 2. Did you set up the webhook using the correct link?  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger  3. Did you push your code to github repo successfully?    Reply 0 Ting Chen 28 answered this  question  3 months ago might be the same as this post  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/134 , i.e, webhook issue.    Reply 0 Mohammad Tamim 264 answered this  question  3 months ago Yes, it runs locally without any issues.    Reply 0 Ting Chen 28 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Does your  example.py  run successfully on your local machine? you can test it offline to see if it works before submitting    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Kin Yik Lam 146 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved LiveDataLab password reset #152 Programming Assignment 1 Tried to login to my LiveDataLab after setting up my account and it kept telling me invalid email/password.   Are there any instructions on how to do a password reset?   0   0   256   132 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago Mun-Chun was able to help me by setting up a new account.    Reply 0 Ting Chen 28 answered this  question  3 months ago Does it allow you to set up the account using uiuc email again?   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago It doesn't   1 reply  Reply Ting Chen 28 3 months ago Not sure what is happening then. Maybe you can contact TA for LiveDataLab Support. 5. Mun-Chun Wang ( LiveDataLab Support, muchunw2 AT illinois DOT edu)   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Thank you. I will give it a try :)   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Any luck?   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Still waiting for his response. Will update this post once I hear something back.    Reply
Ting Chen 28 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Clarification on LiveDataLab "Projects You've Started" #153 Project I don't see any project under "Projects You've Started" as below --It's always empty before or after I push my changes to the remote repo.   However, I have already submitted MP1 and got  SUCCESS  status in the latest Submission Details.   Anyone else also has this problem? wondering if "Projects You've Started" does not really matter, or if there is any setting I did wrong.   0   0   249   135 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 4 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) It doesn't matter. I have the same page. Be sure to check Leaderboard and the score should be 1. And the grade on your Coursera is 100%. Then you are fine.   1 reply  Reply Ting Chen 28 3 months ago I see. Thank you!    Reply 0 Andrew Vamos 147 answered this  question  3 months ago Just came here to ask this same question. Thanks for being one step ahead of me and addressing my concerns :D    Reply 0 Catherine Bui 140 answered this  question  3 months ago I am also seeing that I have not started any projects, but I already completed the MP and received credit for it on Coursera, so I don't think it matters much.   1 reply  Reply Ting Chen 28 3 months ago Thank you for the reply!    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Tim Crosling 234 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Further reading for Lesson 6.9 #155 General Hi Everyone, THe further reading link for lesson 6.9 seems to be broken; if anyone is interested (like me!) I found a new link as follows:   https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiNk_WW_JSBAxWSFTQIHSeQC1UQFnoECCsQAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cse.iitk.ac.in%2Fusers%2Fnsrivast%2FHCC%2FRecommender_systems_handbook.pdf&usg=AOvVaw3IC7KGE0x-vc0wIfDbT08V&opi=89978449   Cheers, Tim.   1   0   208   126 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago The link is working for me.   Maybe you need to install some PDF reader extension for your browser. I have the extension from Adobe Acrobat.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Ethan Shen 41 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Grade for MP1 not in Coursera #157 Programming Assignment 1 I completed MP1 and see a “1” in the submission which means I’ve completed it. However, I do not see the grade updated in Coursera. I’m wondering  if there’s something wrong with my LiveDataLab login, since once I just logged out, I am unable to log back in using the same credentials I used to sign up.   Is there a way to change the password for LiveDataLab?   1   0   295   141 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Mu-Chun Wang answered this  question  3 months ago Can you try to signup a new account with the same email?   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago It will not let me sign up with the same email    Reply Student answers Best 1 Matt Macrides 863 answered this  question  3 months ago Hi Ethan, I had the exact same issue too. Here is the solution: delete all MP1 files locally and on your Github repo (I saved my lines of code in Notes), create a new account with your same email, and follow all steps again but make sure that you complete step 2 in the MP instructions ("Open Tool/Launch App button"). We passed through this step the first time which is why Coursera is not linked. Hope this helps!   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago How were you able to make a new account w the same email?   1 reply  Reply Matt Macrides 863 3 months ago I just signed up again with my same email and it worked for me without issue   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Ah.. I was using the same username. Thanks!    Reply 1 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago One possible issue might be that you haven't clicked on the Launch App button in the MP1 assignment in Coursera. The instructions say that we have to do that at least once to get the grade appear in Coursera.   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Ah that could be it.. I clicked the Launch App button, but the link never loads for me. Will try that thanks!    Reply
Tahir Bagasrawala 266 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Issues with submitting MP1 - help! #158 Programming Assignment 1 I don't see the Leadership link or tab (maybe it is just me). So not sure how to validate my submission.   Also, my submission details seems OK. However, my grade in coursera is 0%.    Any help is much appreciated.   0   0   308   145 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago Go to projects -> MP1. Then here is the navigation to Leaderboard. Check if your score is 1.   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago Thanks! Should have just read the documentation! There was also a bug in my code, should have tested locally.    Reply
Rhea Chen 958 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Still unable to access LiveDataLab #159 Programming Assignment 1 I followed the instruction posted on coursera but I couldn't access LiveDataLab. Either links would load    2   2   283   148 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Shao-Min Yeh 305 answered this  question  3 months ago Use this link  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/    Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago The most updated instruction is here:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/92    Reply
Payel Chakraborty 117 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved GIT push for MP1 #160 Programming Assignment 1 After making changes to the  example.py  in MP1_private in edit mode, should we first "Commit changes" on Github account and then from Command prompt, run git add, commit and push one by one? So commit once from within the  github.com  account in  example.py  and once from terminal while adding?   0   0   350   153 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Payel Chakraborty 117 answered this  question  3 months ago Thank you everyone for your help! I have been able to successfully submit and score in the MP1.    Reply 0 Christian Opperman 840 answered this  question  3 months ago You should edit locally, not on GitHub. Then save the file, commit the changes, and push    Reply 0 Avinash Pathak 15 answered this  question  3 months ago Hi, you need to do it only through command prompt and you will automatically see the changes in  github.com .   1 reply  Reply Payel Chakraborty 117 3 months ago But how will  example.py  be saved with my code? I have to save the copy, isn’t it?   3 replies  Reply Mridul Ghanshala 154 3 months ago Hi, so git is basically just like storage for your code, the actual coding needs to happen on your local device and you need to sync your changes between local and git. Try watching a video. Learn pull push commit add commands.    Reply Mitchell Kopczyk 123 3 months ago (edited) The basic idea is that you will clone (make a copy) of MP1_private from github locally to your machine. Then you will edit that local copy to finish the assignment. Once done you need to use the "git add  example.py " command and the "git commit" command so the changes are made locally to the git change set (this was made initially when the repo was created it's a hidden file that's stored on github and locally when you cloned) then you will use "git push" command to (upload the file to github). If you need help with git and github there are tons of resource online as well as you can ask more questions here. Good Luck :)    Reply Avinash Pathak 15 3 months ago (edited) You edit and save it locally first. git add -> makde it a candidate for updating github git commit -> make changes to part of local copy of git git push -> makes changes to code your private repo on  github.com   So, after these commands you will see code in MP1_private.git also updated.   By the way, you can check the status of changes (with respect to git) locally on command prompt with command "git status".    Reply
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1: wget invalid syntax #163 Programming Assignment 1 I'm following the steps in the MP1 repo. When I follow whats given in the Stopword removal and stemming section, I get this error. Did anyone else encounter this and how can you solve it?     0   0   255   135 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago You would need to run this command in terminal not python. Before you can run wget, make sure to run this command in your terminal: brew install wget    Reply 0 Fauzi Gomez 13 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) If you are on Mac, you can try the following if you don't have the binary installed:   brew  install  wget    If you have it and get that  invalid syntax  issue, try using single quotes to enclose the URL   wget  -nc 'https://github.com/meta-toolkit/meta/releases/download/v3. 0 . 2 /greedy-constituency-parser.tar.gz'     Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago I ran into the same issue. I manually downloaded and saved but there has to be a way to make wget work...    Reply 0 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago You can download the file manually by:     go to  https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meta-toolkit/meta/master/data/lemur-stopwords.txt   right click and select  Save As   save the file as  lemur-stopwords.txt  in your  MP1_private  folder     Then, you can use it. E.g.  tok = metapy.analyzers.ListFilter(tok, "lemur-stopwords.txt", metapy.analyzers.ListFilter.Type.Reject)    Reply
Nishit Samarth 54 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Local tests #164 Programming Assignment 1 Is there a way to run the tests locally? I ran the  example.py  file but want to see what the expected output would be as well.   Thanks!   0   0   282   131 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago You can run your code by opening the terminal and     navigating to your project's directory using  cd   running the code by  python3 example.py  (you should be using python 3 for this MP)     When you run your code, it will print the result because the code for printing it is already in the function. The output should be  [('onli', 'cost', '19.95'), ("can't", 'that', 'it'), ('find', 'it', 'for'), ('it', 'onli', 'cost'), ('for', 'more', 'than'), ('could', 'onli', 'find'), ('it', 'for', 'more'), ('that', 'it', 'onli'), ('more', 'than', '30'), ('onli', 'find', 'it'), ('19.95', 'could', 'onli'), ('that', "can't", 'that'), ('said', 'that', "can't"), ('cost', '19.95', 'could')]    1 reply  Reply Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago (edited) Does the order of array elements matter. My code is giving me similar output, but in different order. My submission is failing.   [( 'could ',  'onli ',  'find '), ( 'it ',  'onli ',  'cost '), ( 'find ',  'it ',  'for '), ( 'onli ',  'find ',  'it '), ( 'cost ',  '19.95 ',  'could '), ( 'it ',  'for ',  'more '), ( 'onli ',  'cost ',  '19.95 '), ( 'more ',  'than ',  '30 '), ( 'said ',  'that ',  "can't" ), ( 'that ',  "can't" ,  'that '), ( "can't" ,  'that ',  'it '), ( 'that ',  'it ',  'onli '), ( 'for ',  'more ',  'than '), ( '19.95 ',  'could ',  'onli ')]    1 reply  Reply Marie Yau 621 3 months ago It might be that you are not applying the functions in correct order. You should first make it lowercase, then remove the words, then perform stemming, the create trigrams.   1 reply  Reply Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago Just for others reading the post. The order of elements in the output was not the real issue, I had an ID conflict between github and git app I was using to push my changes.    Reply 0 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago Yes, you can do something like this   (cs410)  C :\Users\s0913\GitLocal\cs410-mp1>python example.py    1 reply  Reply Nishit Samarth 54 3 months ago Do you know how to see the expected results? I think that shows what your function is returning   1 reply  Reply Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 3 months ago You can always do print() in your code. You can basically follow the tutorial in the github repo and I think it's self-explanatory even if you are new to python.    Reply
Prasad Gole 245 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved I am getting Cmake build failed error. I installed Cmake separately. Tried diff python versions too. #165 General   0   0   190   120 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 xian chen 229 answered this  question  3 months ago I tried with different python version 3.5.x and it work for me.    Reply 0 David Anderson 549 answered this  question  3 months ago Different version of python was the solution for me    Reply 0 Shao-Min Yeh 305 answered this  question  3 months ago Make sure you're actually using a different python version - had this same issue until I explicitly made a new conda environment (there's some outside posts about how to do it)    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Unable to see submission MP1 #167 Programming Assignment 1 I've completed the set-up for MP1 multiple times, but I'm still unable to see the submission in LiveDataLab. Are there any troubleshooting methods to see if things are working properly (i.e. webhook firing properly, the github account is properly linked in LiveDataLab, etc.)   0   0   360   151 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 ruike zhu answered this  question  3 months ago Hi, have you solved the problem?    Reply 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Could you please first refer to the solution in  #122  to see whether it works?   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Unfortunately this did not work.. I tried starting from square 1 and it's still not working. I'm really not sure what I'm doing wrong   1 reply  Reply Yuxiang Liu 3 months ago Did you start from the very beginning in a clean state, i.e., deleting everything?    Reply Student answers Best 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago Ethan, can you try changing your github account name?   I was able to get my issue fixed by changing my github name, relinking LiveDataLab the same token (no new token needed), and re-setup the webhook (new webhook needed).    Reply 0 Michael Sun 32 answered this  question  3 months ago Hey! Could you be more specific or provide some screenshots of errors you're receiving? (e.g. what your webhooks tab in Github looks like, what LiveDataLab looks like, etc.)   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Here's my webhook from Github:    Here is what my datalab looks like:    1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago (edited) The webhook I used was  http://livedatalab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger   There's also a green check mark next to the webhook, which means it's probably working fine.    2 replies  Reply Michael Sun 32 3 months ago Hmm, here's something to help troubleshoot: Did you try removing one of the linked accounts? Did you correctly fork the mp1 repository and name it "mp1_private"?   I think the green check does confirm that the webhook is not at issue here though   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago I will try to re-link the account.   But I'm fairly certain that I forked the repo correctly and named it properly   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Once I re-link the account, do I need to refork the repo?   2 replies  Reply Michael Sun 32 3 months ago I can't think of a reason it would change anything, but I would give it a try just to start from a clean slate. One thing I noticed is that my repository explicitly says its forked from the original, while yours doesn't.    I really don't think this should affect anything considering the repo's files are the same, but given how many issues people are having I wouldn't be surprised if this is a symptom of the underlying issue.   Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Does yours look like this?    Michael Sun 32 3 months ago Mine looks exactly like that. I'm guessing its still not working?   1 reply  Reply Ethan Shen 41 3 months ago Nope... I'm really not sure what to do now   1 reply  Reply Michael Sun 32 3 months ago Try maybe deleting the token you created previously and creating a new one? Start from square 1 pretty much   1 reply  Reply Shivani Mangaleswaran 4 3 months ago I'm probably late to the party, but I had a similar issue. Turns out I generated a "Fine Grained Token (Beta)" instead of the "Token (Classic)". Caused a lot of confusion since the webhook deliveries all showed "successful" in github but failed on Livedata. Creating the right token and linking it to LiveData solved it for me  
Kin Yik Lam 146 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved LiveDataLab not recognizing submissions #168 Programming Assignment 1 Had to re-setup my LiveDataLab account due to forgetting my password.   Complete linking my GitHub account and setting up the webhook, but LiveDataLab is still not recognizing the submissions.        0   1   332   158 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Was able to get my issue fixed by changing my github name, relinking LiveDataLab the same token (no new token needed), and re-setup the webhook (new webhook needed).    Reply 0 A N 440 answered this  question  3 months ago One suggestion would be to remove and re-configure the webhook, with all the fields added in afresh. That may clear some malfunctioning Github cache.   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Deleted personal token, repository, and linked account.   Set up everything from scratch again but LiveDataLab isn't syncing either.    Reply 0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago Do you have push? Did you git push your  example.py  file?    1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Did another push, and it's still not showing in LiveDataLab.      1 reply  Reply Danmeng Zheng 1027 3 months ago yeah that's weird. Your account linkage and push look correct. Sorry didn't help much here.   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Deleted personal token, repository, and linked account.   Set up everything from scratch again but LiveDataLab isn't syncing either.   1 reply  Reply Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago I am running into similar issue, were you able to resolve this?   1 reply  Reply Kin Yik Lam 146 3 months ago Yes I was able to resolve this. Please review my answer posted above.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved M1 Mac and Anaconda #169 Programming Assignment 1 I'm trying to install python 3.5 on my M1 Mac using Anaconda.   When I run  conda search python  I get the following output.   python                          3.8 . 5  h 05 baefb_ 8 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 1 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 2 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 3 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 4 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 5 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 6  h 3098 bc 4 _ 0 _cpython  conda-forge python                          3.8 . 8  h 12 cc 5 a 1 _ 0 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 10  h 69 cb 8 a 9 _ 0 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 10  hab 31e5 c_ 2 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 10  hf 9733 c 0 _ 1 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 11       hbdb 9e5 c_ 5   pkgs/main python                         3.8 . 12  hab 31e5 c_ 0 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 12  hab 31e5 c_ 1 _cpython  conda-forge python                         3.8 . 12  hab 31e5 c_ 2 _cpython  conda-forge ...    and they don't seem to have older versions of python. I'm not sure what to do and I'm very stuck. Would appreciate any help possible.   0   0   347   144 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Chuching Ho 428 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) I was using the commands suggested in  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/142  with python 3.5 on my M1 Mac and it worked. Here are the commands I used:   conda create -n cs410 conda activate cs410 conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.5 pip install metapy     Reply 1 Michael Sun 32 answered this  question  3 months ago Hey! I'm also on an M1 Mac, I used what was suggested in  #99  and successfully setup my environment:   conda create -n py37 conda activate py37  conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.7   pip install metapy    1 reply  Reply Drshika Asher 30 3 months ago this worked, thank you!    Reply 0 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago I asked TA and he said that we should use python 3.5 or later version. I used Python 3.7 and I was able to complete the MP.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Michael Sun 32 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MetaPy not installing in conda env #171 Programming Assignment 1 Hi everyone, I'm getting this error message when trying to install metapy locally on my system in a conda environment running python 3.7.     If it helps, I ran the following steps per another post's instructions to set up my env:   conda create -n py37 conda activate py37  conda  config  --env -- set  subdir osx-64 conda install  python =3.7   pip install metapy    0   0   342   156 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Michael Sun 32 answered this  question  3 months ago Okay I resolved this issue with the help of  #99 . Looks like this is an issue associated with VSCode, and when I try to execute in just a standard zsh terminal it works    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Prasad Gole 245 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved No module named ‘zlib’ when installing metapy pytoml. Tried brew install zlib. Py3.7 doesnt recog #173 General   1   1   207   123 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Mridul Ghanshala 154 answered this  question  3 months ago can u try with 3.5 they said to use 3.5    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Shan Huang 371 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Any update on DDL of MP2.1? #178 Programming Assignment 1 As title   5   0   381   186 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 3 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago In the office hour yesterday, the professor indicated that MP2.1 deadline will be pushed back. He will announce that soon.    Reply 0 Kin Yik Lam 146 answered this  question  3 months ago Based on previous experiences, that deadline will most likely be updated since the MP is not ready yet.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved All or nothing points for MP? #179 Programming Assignment 1 So the Coursera page says if we see a 1 in the Leaderboard, we get 100%, I'm just wondering, is that the only possible score we can get? Are the points all or nothing?   1   0   305   171 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 David Orona 25 answered this  question  3 months ago I had a 0.5 there for a little bit. I accidentally omitted the requirement to stem the words.    Reply 1 Kazuhei Sasaki 1464 answered this  question  3 months ago I got 50% when I failed to add something.    Reply 1 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  3 months ago No, I got 0.5 for my first trail    Reply
Fauzi Gomez 13 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved Installing meta on mac #180 Programming Assignment 1 I think it has been shared already, but alternatively to  conda , this is what I did:   Download python 3.7.9 installer for mac from  https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-379/   Install  python-3.7.9-macosx10.9.pkg  via the Mac package manager.   Once installed, create a virtual environment with the new binary   python3 . 5  -m venv venvMP1    Source it   source  venvMP1/bin/activate    Verify that your new virtual environment is running the expected python version   (venvMP1) ┌─ [fauzigomez@Fauzis-MacBook-Pro]  -  [~/labs/cs410/MP1_private]  -  [Wed Sep 06, 21:19]  └─ [$]   python  --version  Python  3.7 .9     Install meta   pip  install  metapy pytoml    Validate it works fine   (venvMP1) ┌─[fauzigomez@ Fauzis - MacBook - Pro ] - [~/labs/cs410/ MP1_private ] - [ Wed   Sep   06 ,  21 : 19 ] └─[$]  python -c  "import metapy"     The output should come out empty, but to double check,  get the exit code of the last command ran (which should be the above command)   (venvMP1) ┌─ [fauzigomez@Fauzis-MacBook-Pro]  -  [~/labs/cs410/MP1_private]  -  [Wed Sep 06, 21:20]  └─ [$]   echo $?  0     If the output is  0 ,  it's safe to assume it works.   (venvMP1) ┌─[fauzigomez@Fauzis-MacBook-Pro] - [~/labs/cs410/MP1_private] - [Wed Sep  06 ,  21 : 21 ] └─[$]  python example.py I said  that  I can't believe  that   it  only costs $ 19.95 ! I could only find  it   for  more than $ 30   before . . . .    3   0   237   134 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 1 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks Fauzi for this sharing!    Reply Student answers Best 2 Rafael Rubenstein 17 answered this  question  3 months ago thank you so much! I tried so many of the other mentioned solutions and this one worked for me.    Reply
Tianyu Zhou 2 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved "SyntaxError: invalid syntax" when installing meta #181 Programming Assignment 1 Hi everyone. I tried 3.5 and 3.7 Python but still got this syntax error when installing meta.     0   0   229   136 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Shan Huang 371 answered this  question  3 months ago You need to using pip command in the command line not the python prompt   1 reply  Reply Tianyu Zhou 2 3 months ago I got this message in cmd.    1 reply  Reply Shan Huang 371 3 months ago You have to install pip on windows   1 reply  Reply Tianyu Zhou 2 3 months ago Thank you. It is fixed. I thought pip was installed with python.    Reply 1 Chuching Ho 428 answered this  question  3 months ago Looks like you are in Python. Try the commands in terminal.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Ahmad Albarqawi 75 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 - Submission webhook not working #183 Programming Assignment 1 Hi,   When I am trying to submit the MP1 homework, the webhook not working with the following error:     Invalid http response 401     The webhook settings:    Kindly help me to fix the issue beofre the deadline.   0   0   266   158 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 1 Ahmad Albarqawi 75 answered this  question  3 months ago it worked with me, updating the url from the old one to the new one was the reason of the error. The issue fixed after deleting the old Webhook and create a new Webhook with the fixed URL.   1 reply  Reply Monika Thotha 149 3 months ago What URL did you use?    Reply
Avinash Baldeo 129 asked a  question  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Resolved CMT: Conference created for this semester? #184 Project Hi TAs, I signed up for Microsoft CMT using the instructions in the Project Google Doc , however I do not see a conference listed for Fall 2023 to register for. Please advise when it will be created and if there are any steps we need to do to be added or will be done automatically for us?   0   0   244   141 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago It may not be created very soon as we are focusing on the MPs for the moment. We will announce it on Campuswire once it is created and you could submit your project on CMT then.    Reply
ruike zhu posted a  note  3 months ago  (edited) Visible to: Everyone Please send a private post to instructor and TA if you have no grade in coursera #185 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, if you have successfully submitted in the Livedatalab (the log file should be :  Grading, Finished:SUCCESS  in last two line, and also  check the leaderboard , the  score should be 1 ), but  still cannot see  your grade in Coursera, please send a  private  post to us with title 'has issue with the connection of coursera'. We will manual grade your MP1.   2   0   509   212 Comments No one's commented here... yet Be a maverick and get the conversation going Annonymous mode GIF Type @ to mention someone in this conversation Press enter to send
Aryan Gandhi 24 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved I walked through all the steps wrote some code but am not seeing anything in the submission area #186 General above   0   0   283   148 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago Couple of possible problems:     Do you see the tick mark under  Webhook  tab in  Settings ? Did you check the correct permissions when you created the webhook?    Did you push your code to your private  M1_private  repository?   Do you see your GitHub account under  Linked Accounts ?      1 reply  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago Ah this is where the issue may be, with the web hook, it is currently saying last delivery was not successful:  http://livelab23.centralus.cloudapp.azure.com/api/webhook/trigger   1 reply  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago so it is still not working, I am using  github.com  but have different usernames, not sure if that is an issue   1 reply  Reply Marie Yau 621 3 months ago (edited) Your github account under  Linked Accounts  in LiveLab needs to be the same as the one you are using for the webhook. If it is not, login to the github account that you linked with LiveLab and set up the  M1_private  repo according to instructions again.   1 reply  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago yeah they are the same   1 reply  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago got this error     3 replies  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago the error is failed to connect to host   Marie Yau 621 3 months ago Click on  Recent Deliveries  tab and then, click on  Redeliver .    Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago you're a lifesaver Marie, thanks!   0 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago How did you push your code?   1 reply  Reply Danmeng Zheng 1027 3 months ago (edited) like what git commands did you use?   1 reply  Reply Aryan Gandhi 24 3 months ago git add commit and push    Reply 0 Aryan Gandhi 24 answered this  question  3 months ago If there is anything that anyone wants to see (github webook, etc) let me know but I believe I set it all up correctly    Reply
Zeyu Liao 21 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Windows: Cannot Install metapy pytoml #187 Programming Assignment 1 I have taken look at all posts related to install metapy pytoml, but none of them works for me I'm in version 3.5.4 and the Windows system    0   0   357   157 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 0 Andrew Vamos 147 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Are you using VS Code? I was having an issue where the GUI was indicating Python 3.5 was selected, but my project was still referencing 3.11 when queried in the terminal, hence metapy failing to install. Reviewing posts like my links below and iteratively trying their suggestions eventually got mine to install. If it's any comfort, the installation issues took me several hours, but the assignment itself is pretty straight forward requiring just a few lines of code once that hurtle is cleared. Maybe try office hours?   https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63702163/vs-code-does-not-change-python-environment   https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54582361/vscode-terminal-shows-incorrect-python-version-and-path-launching-terminal-from    Reply 0 Payel Chakraborty 117 answered this  question  3 months ago Give this a try if you haven't already.  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/98   1 reply  Reply Zeyu Liao 21 3 months ago I tried and failed on conda install python=3.5 with error on Solving environment   1 reply  Reply Payel Chakraborty 117 3 months ago (edited) I think there were some posts on this error:  https://campuswire.com/c/G4A2F7542/feed/63   1 reply  Reply Zeyu Liao 21 3 months ago Thanks for helping out. But that post doesn't work for me. Still have error on install metapy    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Nothing to see here... This post was deleted.
Drshika Asher 30 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved Tip for MP1 #191 General if you are having issues locally, I was able to complete the MP using python 3.7 on github codespaces. you can get it for free with the student developer pack.   https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview   https://education.github.com/pack  used this extension to create a conda env with python 3.7:  https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=donjayamanne.python-environment-manager   5   0   945   279 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks Drshika for this sharing! Just pinned this post.    Reply Student answers Best 2 Swarup Ghosh 107 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) I tried out on python 3.7, it din't work probably due to the some issues with the way I've configured the usr share libraries and whatever cmake of metapy expects on my local linux. However, I can confirm that after multiple trial and error I could get it working on a container that I launched on my local with official Python image. If you're familiar with Docker/podman you can use these container images either   docker.io/library/python:3.5  or  docker.io/library/python:3.7  and then installing metapy  would work flawlessly.   eg.  docker run --entrypoint bash -it python:3.7   pip install metapy   python3   import metapy  It works!   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago Both nice ideas to try   1 reply  Reply Pauline Brunet 0 3 months ago Hi, I still get the same error I've been getting for a few days now.   Building wheels for collected packages: metapy Building wheel for metapy ( setup.py ) ... error error: subprocess-exited-with-error   × python  setup.py  bdist_wheel did not run successfully. │ exit code: 1 ╰─> [3 lines of output] running bdist_wheel running build error: Could not find cmake executable [end of output]   note: This error originates from a subprocess, and is likely not a problem with pip. ERROR: Failed building wheel for metapy Running  setup.py  clean for metapy Failed to build metapy ERROR: Could not build wheels for metapy, which is required to install pyproject.toml-based projects   Any ideas?   1 reply  Reply Tahir Bagasrawala 266 3 months ago Hi Pauline, your error message seems to point to missing wheels package. Try "pip install wheels".   I've used virtual environments to get this to work on python 3.6.5.   If you still need help, I can ping instructions to setup.    Reply
Nothing to see here... You don't have permission to view this post.
Aryan Gandhi 24 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved How I got Metapy working #193 General Download python 3.7.9 from the python website and download and set it up.   Run this in your terminal of project: python3.7 -m venv myenv   (will create a virtual environment)   If not activated, run: source myenv/bin/activate   Re-download python 3.11.5 (you may not have to do this, I did I may have made a mistake a long the way)   Now you will have python 3.7.9 set up and should be able to install the metapy package with no issues.   1   0   234   137 Answers Comments Answer  this question Instructor answers Best 0 Yuxiang Liu answered this  question  3 months ago Thanks Aryan for sharing the experience.    Reply
Prasad Gole 245 asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved How long does it take usually for the submission to appear on livedata lab after first submission? #194 Project I submitted it an hour earlier, still no update. I am starting to doubt whether it got submitted.   0   0   259   146 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 4 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago After the push, it takes about an minute to show up on livedatalab for me    Reply 0 Marie Yau 621 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Mine took about one minute. Check if your webhook is working. In your project repo, go to  Settings  and then, click on  Webhooks . There should be a tick next to your webhook.   If you don't see the tick, click on the blue webhook link, then click on  Recent Deliveries . Click on your latest  push  delivery and click on  Redeliver  button. If you still get an error, there is something wrong with your webhook connection.    2 replies  Reply Prasad Gole 245 3 months ago Thanks I was able to Redeliver the project and got a response immediately    Reply Prasad Gole 245 3 months ago Though sadly it resulted in a Fail. It says there to check the logs for details but all I can see is the message "too many values to unpack". No errors.    1 reply  Reply Marie Yau 621 3 months ago Were you able to run the program locally on your computer?   1 reply  Reply Prasad Gole 245 3 months ago Nevermind. It was a small warning issue. Got success now! Thanks. Nothing else to do after the success notification, right?   1 reply  Reply Marie Yau 621 3 months ago You have to make sure your grade also appears on Coursera. If not, you are supposed to contact course staff.    Reply
Anonymous asked a  question  3 months ago Visible to: Everyone Resolved MP1 local run #195 Programming Assignment 1 Hi, I'm currently using anaconda for vscode for my mp1. I was wondering how can I run it locally to see if I have passed the testcases or where the errors are.   0   0   299   154 Answers Comments Answer  this question Student answers Best 2 Rhea Chen 958 answered this  question  3 months ago Another option is to turn off the python virtual environment in the IDS (vscode in this case) and follow this document  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62898911/how-to-downgrade-python-version-from-3-8-to-3-7-mac    Reply 1 Dave Pankros 323 answered this  question  3 months ago Likely, something like: Open a terminal. Then run   conda  activate  CS410    Whenever you want to run it.  Execute:   python  example. py     no need to do the conda activate more than once per terminal    Reply 1 Danmeng Zheng 1027 answered this  question  3 months ago  (edited) Method 1: You can run this command in terminal (if you are using mac, make sure to activate the environment where metapy is installed): python  example.py .   Method 2: You can choose the interpreter where metapy is installed in VScode.  Shift+Ctrl+P and then choose Python: Select Interpreter. Then you will see a screen like this. Choose the interpreter path where metapy is installed. Then you can directly run in VScode     Reply
